Chapter 380 Glow

Lex was taken by surprise as he was honestly not expecting it. Mostly it was because the 'opportunity' he was presenting to Aegis was already actually taking advantage of him to do his own work.

Still, he could understand the gesture. After all, as a crown prince, he was surely taught etiquette and surely put a great deal of emphasis on reciprocation.

"You really did not need to," said Lex, "but since you have already gotten something, I will not refuse your good will."

"Great," Aegis said with a hint of excitement in his voice. "We need to go somewhere to get to it, so whenever you're ready we can head out."

Had it been before, Lex would have hesitated to leave the tavern. He had already exposed himself and if he left the boundary of the tavern he would have been defenceless. But, since he had the Butter knife token, Lex could barely convince himself to head out. After all, in matters such as this, he still trusted the system's integrity.

"We can head out now," said Lex casually, as if he had nothing to lose by leaving the tavern building.

He passed a few instructions to Roan in case they had guests while they were gone, and left the tavern with Aegis.

"Do you mind if I speed us there?" aske Aegis once they stepped out.

Since the tavern did not have the same protection as the Inn, Lex's foundation realm cultivation was evident for all to see. Some were convinced he was actually just hiding his own cultivation level and was secretly an expert. Aegis did not try to test him and directly proposed taking the both of them himself.

Once Lex agreed, he placed a hand on Lex's shoulder and rushed them to the other side of Babylon. It barely took a single second. Yet from the tavern building they had quickly arrived at one of the latest buildings that had been temporarily set up whilst reconstruction took place.

He led Lex in, where Joseph and Berterm were waiting for them.

"The formation is ready, I can take you in whenever," said Joseph, leaving his son behind to stand guard.

With a nod from Aegis, they prepared the formation and stepped on it. Like an elevator, the formation started to descend downwards - only it seemed to be taking them down directly through the ground.

Lex did not let his surprise show and only calmly observed as they descended for a good two minutes, before arriving in some kind of underground cave.

The cave was filled with a sharp, blue light that illuminated every nook and cranny, even causing Lex to squint. Yet the blue light was not a fashion choice, and was being exuded by a single, small crystal.

Lex did not need to be introduced to know that he had arrived in front of some kind of immense treasure, for the cave was so dense with spiritual energy that it started to condense right on Lex's skin. Had his meridians not been remolded out of metal, he would have suffered from spiritual energy poisoning just from standing there.

The two immortals that came along with Lex slightly nodded at the scene of him being unaffected by the spiritual energy, silently confirming that he was well above his apparent cultivation level.

Normally, Lex would have caught the action, but currently he was too distracted by a voice speaking directly in his mind.

"Mr. Innkeeper sir, I detect something amazing in front of you," said the juvenile voice of the Lotus in his mind. "Can I have it please Mr. Innkeeper sir? I'll pay you back, I promise!"

In his mind, Lex visualized a child tearing up as he heard the Lotus' pleading. He had no idea what the crystal was, but if even the Lotus wanted it, it had to be amazing.

"It's not much," said Aegis, "but please accept this token of gratitude from me."

Joseph was startled by what he heard, and suddenly started wondering what had happened between the two, but knew better than to ask.

"I've kept a small piece of the crystal as well to lure out Zagan when I need to, but the rest is all here."

The shining crystal was only as large as an adult human fingernail, but its small size did not deceive Lex at all. It must be filled with either immense power or energy.

'How can I give it to you?' Lex asked the Lotus.

"Just eat it, and I'll absorb it from within your body!" the lotus exclaimed with shrieking excitement. This was the first time in its short life it had ever wanted something, and the first time it was getting it. The experience was overwhelming, especially since the noble Innkeeper had to suffer a loss just so that it could have the crystal.

How was the Lotus to ever know that to Lex, the Lotus was already way more valuable than any crystal.

"Well don't mind if I help myself," said Lex out loud and walked up to the crystal.

Joseph was just about to explain to Lex the safety precautions required to handle the extremely radioactive crystal when his jaw dropped as he saw Lex pick the crystal from the cave wall and pop it in his mouth like a tic tac.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

He did not even need to swallow it, as the moment the crystal touched his tongue it was absorbed into his body, filling him with overwhelming heat.

But, just as quickly as the heat arrived it disappeared, leaving only the sensation of warmth on his back where he had a Lotus tattoo.

Joseph and Aegis both had not recovered from the horror they had just witnessed when Lex released a comfortable groan.

A pool of spiritual energy had started flowing through his body, quickly elevating his cultivation level. In a matter of moments, it raised his cultivation level to the peak of the Foundation realm.

When his body could absorb no more, the energy instead started being absorbed by the system. The progress bar instant crossed 100%, and in fact had already reached 379%. But the energy in his body kept overflowing, and soon, his body started to release a blue glow!



Chapter 381 Stupid

Regal Embrace was a cultivation technique with the sole purpose of building the strongest defense possible. Every aspect, every facet of it was geared towards that one goal. As such, it was fundamentally impossible to cultivate it and have an 'unstable foundation' due to rapid growth. This was because the cultivation level would simply not grow if it was forced in such a manner.

But, in the situation where the cultivation level did grow, time had little to do with it. For the cultivation technique to progress, the relevant aspect of it that each specific cultivation realm required had to be fulfilled. For the Foundation realm, cultivation would not progress by pumping the body full of endless energy, but by slowly and steadily building the foundation for cultivation within the body.

In Lex's case, a steady foundation had to be built not only for his spirit, but his body and soul as well. It had to be exactly perfect according to the requirements of the cultivation technique, and the built foundation, while taking only a single form, was actually elevating all three. This was because Lex's body, soul and spirit had all merged into one entity.

So then, the fact that the energy released by the blue crystal was able to flawlessly raise Lex's cultivation level to the peak of the Foundation realm was already an unbelievable testament to the absolute purity, vitality and gentleness of the energy itself.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

This was because Lex never actually used his cultivation technique, or rather he did not get a chance to, before the energy automatically started merging with his body so flawlessly it raised his cultivation level.

In fact, the moment Lex reached the peak of the Foundation realm, he felt the information to enter the Golden core realm reveal itself to him, but he purposefully chose not to enter the realm at that moment. This was because, while his physical cultivation had built up its foundation, his professor heavily emphasized the need for some kind of achievement to create a mental foundation for him.

The achievement was completely up to him to decide, so he could have gone with his fight with the murderer, or his upgrade on the system. But he had already decided that he would use arrays as the base for his achievement. So while the use of many small arrays joining to form large arrays quickly was ingenious, he was not satisfied with his application of it. He felt like he could do better.

As a result, this energy found other channels to divert itself. It was a shame that Lex's pride got the better of him, or else he may have potentially entered the Nascent realm today, or even higher.

With his foundation built, the energy sought to heal his body. But how could he have the perfect defense if his body was full of flaws? A hidden aspect of Regal Embrace came into play here, which was that while he could heal, he would eventually heal perfectly! Only inherent flaws already existing in his body would escape the healing powers of Regal Embrace.

So then where should it go, for it could not physically strengthen Lex's body any further? It found a sieve within Lex's soul, and poured itself in, bombarding the system with endless energy.

One may wonder, why would so much energy travel towards the system, and not the Lotus which had requested the energy to begin with? The answer was simple.

The energy that was flooding Lex's body was simply the small leftovers that managed to escape the Lotus' control.

The Lotus itself was going mad from excitement with the energy it was absorbing, but that was hidden for now.

Aegis and Joseph were struck dumb because while the energy released from the crystal was being described as 'gentle and nourishing' in Lex's situation, it was mostly because it was less than 1% of the energy the crystal contained. Were the Lotus not absorbing the rest of it, Lex's body would literally have exploded before the system even got a chance to absorb the excess energy.

Blue light was escaping from Lex's body, at first only from his fingernails, ears and nose. But eventually the brightness increased, and even his skin began to glow. His body started levitating until it was three feet in the air and a violent, oppressive force began to form around his body that gave both the immortals chills.

The force was not generated because of Lex, but the tattoo on his back. Immortal though they may be, how could they compare to a seed that would give birth to a 5 Star world? More importantly, its status as a 5 star world was only the lowest guaranteed achievement, and did not account for its upper limit. Most importantly, whatever world it would form would already have an already awakened consciousness.

Lex was completely unaware of all of this, as he had entered some kind of trance as the energy transferred from his body to the system. In a few seconds, it reached 500%, and then while it began to slow down, when his body returned to the ground a few minutes later, he had 1200% energy!

That was to say, the less than 1% energy that the Lotus was unable to control actually provided Lex with enough energy to travel from one realm to another 11 times! This was a level of energy even Earth immortals could not wield. No wonder the two immortals who were watching this were thoroughly startled.

When Lex woke up from the trance, he heard a few system notifications but he didn't want to delve into them in public.

He smiled as he enjoyed the warm, fuzzy feeling enveloping his body and looked towards Joseph and said, "Thanks, that was actually quite fun. Shall we head back now, or do you have more?"

"Let's head back," he said, barely able to keep his voice steady.

The worst part of all of this, for him at least, was that Lex was only showing his cultivation as peak Foundation realm after that. How stupid did he think they were?



Chapter 382 Home

"You said you've kept a small piece to lure out Zagan?" Lex asked casually as they returned the formation that would take them out of here.

"Indeed," replied Aegis, as he gulped nervously. "It's much, much smaller than the one you took, but it should be more than enough to attract Zagan"

"Not bad, what's this crystal called?" he asked, still enjoying the warm fuzzy feeling that had enveloped his body.

"We're not sure if it has another name, as there's been no record of it before. Joseph, who found the crystal, called it Blue Crystal Essence. It is filled with an extremely potent destructive energy that is normally used to power formations."

Aegis gave him a look from the side of his eye but said nothing more. Lex on the other hand was quite confused by the destructive description, but how could he be blamed for considering it gentle when he only had less than 1% of the energy in his body.

"I've spent many years studying it, trying to figure out how it was formed," said Joseph, who politely included himself in the conversation. He suddenly felt it was very important to maintain good relations with Lex.

"I was unable to figure out how it was actually formed, but I did learn how it definitely wasn't formed. The formation of the Blue Crystal Essence was in no way familiar to that of spirit stones, and there was no energy accumulation process in the vicinity. In fact, there are no spirit stone mines anywhere nearby this area."

"Do you have any more in the area? I'd be willing to trade for it. Speaking of which, I've managed to get my hands on many of the items you put down on your list for me. You can drop by whenever you want to check them out."

"I'll make sure to visit soon," Joseph replied, looking away. He knew for a fact that no unknown people had come in or gone out of the tavern these past few days, so how did he get his hands on the required material? Not to mention, he got it so quickly.

Once Lex returned to the tavern safely, he told Aegis to stick by as he would give him the platinum key soon. Aegis wanted to take Fenrir out hunting again today, as the pup had shown great promise during their last venture out, but Lex told him next time. Since it was very likely he was about to return to the Inn, Fenrir would be returning with him.

Once alone, Lex did not immediately check his system. His body was still warm, and while he felt great after such a massive increase in strength, he felt slightly disoriented. His brain was not yet used to controlling his new strength and was causing him problems.

Not bothering with anything, Lex jumped directly into bed and took a nap. Though what he assumed was a nap lasted two whole days. A part of his rest was because of his brain once again getting used to a new, more powerful body, but also because of the tattoo on his back.

It had grown bigger, slightly, and more petals had appeared in each layer. Previously, the petals had been arranged in three layers, with five petals in each layer. Now, instead, there were 6 in each layer.

Such a change did not seem drastic, but that was only from a visual point of view. The Lotus had grown much stronger and gained immense potential, but as a result, had also increased the strength of its body with Lex's body.

When Lex finally woke up, completely unaware of the amount of time that had passed, he stretched like a cat before lazily checking the system from right inside his bed.

New Notification: 100% progress reached, host can return to the Inn at any time!

New Notification: 100% energy surpassed, channeling excess energy into dormant system functions.

New Notification: 1100% excess energy being transferred, new building/features unlocked!

New Features:

New status panel for monitoring Inn unlocked

New status panel for workers unlocked

New status panel for tracking multiple events unlocked

New status panel for locating quest potentials unlocked

New Building: Innkeeper's office building unlocked

Innkeeper's office building

A small building where the Innkeeper may see guests who wish to meet.

Lex raised an eyebrow, caught by surprise that he had actually surpassed the energy requirements. Moreover, while the description for his new unlocked features seemed simple, he doubted that was the case.

But all of that could wait. It was time to go home!

Lex immediately selected to return to the Inn, and felt a familiar sensation take hold of him. The teleportation was not as quick as he was used to from the Inn, but for some strange reason he lost track of time while teleporting. He only knew it wasn't quick.

But the moment it disappeared, Lex, who had his eyes closed, could immediately tell that he had returned.

It was in the freshness of the air, the smell carried on the breeze, the gentle sunlight on his skin. A smile formed on his face as he took in a deep breath and, after holding it in for a moment, let it all out with a satisfied sigh.

When he opened his eyes, a projection of Mary was standing there waiting for him. The smile on her face was no less than his. Truth be told, she was extremely nervous the entire time Lex was gone.

"Welcome back, Innkeeper," she said simply.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"It's good to be back," he said with a grin.

"It's excellent that you're in a bright mood," she continued, "because someone showed an interest in the jobs put up by Ragnar, but he said he wanted to meet with the Innkeeper before he accepts the tasks. I hope you're ready to convince him to take up the tasks, because depending on how this goes, you could be on the verge of becoming a trillionaire."



Chapter 383 Anachronistic Ignition

Lex was not ready nor was he expecting to get right to work the absolute minute he arrived at the Inn. But the incentive to become a trillionaire was exceptional. Not that he was in need of a great deal of money at the moment, but he knew that he would be in a state of expansion for the foreseeable future.

Not only would the expansion cost a lot of money, buying anything for a higher cultivation level always cost more money. He had merely bought a drink that could affect an immortal and the price had gone in the millions, were he to buy a building or service the price may even go in the hundreds of millions. Getting too comfortable would be a mistake.

With that mindset, he put away all thoughts of going out for a stroll and decided to get right into the thick of things. Before anything, however, he looked at the Innkeeper's office building.

While the building existed as a service, the shape and design were completely up to him. If he had extensive time he would have assigned the task to the planning commission, but since he did not, he took matters into his own hands.

He thought for a minute about the kind of office someone of the Innkeepers status should have. He could go overly grand, but to Lex it seemed slightly desperate to prove the status of his position, or just plain gaudy, which he did not like. He could go for extremely simple and basic, but he felt like the whole 'transcended the need for worldly possessions' and 'find the truth in simplicity' bit was an exhausted and overused spiel.

In the end, he just decided to keep it as he liked.

His mind, now faster than ever before due to the boost provided by his elevated cultivation, recalled every office he ever liked and tried to find a commonality. He'd visited a few penthouse offices as well when he worked back in New York, not to mention his own regular offices, so he had some ammunition for his thoughts.

Once he figured out what he liked, he began picking out a position.

On a small plateau near the Midnight Manor, a rectangular building appeared. There was a torch lit, pebbled path leading up to it, with open gardens on each side. There was not much in the building, since it only served as his office.

The entrance led to a large hall with marble flooring and granite walls, with a reception desk at the far end. There was a waiting room that could be entered from on the right, but the entrance to Lex's office was in the corner behind the reception desk.

Unlike the entrance hall, the floor of which was gray, Lex's office floor was black marble. But it was not plain black, as streaks of gold flowed through the midnight black, like water flowing down into the dirt. On the left and right side of the office were ceiling high bookshelves, stacked with hardcover books that had no titles.

There were a few sofas placed in the center of the room, amidst a few decorations and plants here and there. Opposite those sofas, towards the far wall, was a single desk with an office chair tucked neatly in.

Speaking of the far wall, unlike the rest of the building, it was made entirely out of one-sided glass with an extensive view of the Midnight manor, and the rest of the Inn.

Lex teleported into the building to see it for himself, and was immediately hit with an oppressive feeling.

Lex remained unaffected, for what could truly affect him at the Inn? But he felt the oppression nonetheless, and knew immediately that it radiated from the very walls of his office. Each and every step was daunting, but somehow the oppressive feeling was not exactly intimidating. Instead, it was a sort of reminder of who one was about to meet.

As he walked, the sound of his footsteps echoed loudly in the empty hall, prompting him to stop immediately, a frown upon his face.

He snapped once, and then continued to walk. The sound was no longer a loud and never ending echo. Instead, each of his footsteps was incredibly light and respectful, yet not entirely gone.

Not bothering to  check out the waiting room, Lex headed right into his office. Unlike the entrance hall, there was no oppressive feeling here. Instead, the room wafted with a clean and refreshing scent that reinvigorated Lex as soon as he stepped in, despite the fact that he had just recently woken up and had been full of energy.

Lex felt incredibly calm and peaceful in his office, as if he knew from deep within his heart that this was a safe space. He walked to his table and pulled out his seat and sat down.

The moment he sat, he became even more in sync with the Inn than when he wore the Host Attire. The Host Attire, which was currently in the shape of a three piece suit, allowed Lex to fully control everything happening at the Inn.

It was a conduit between himself and the system, for he knew now that he was simply unable to even begin to process everything his system did, let alone control it directly. When he sat down in the chair, however, it was kicked up a notch.

For example, while he could become aware of everything at the Inn at any time, he would need to scan the Inn, or look for someone in particular to know what was happening. Once in the chair, however, it was like a portion of his newly acquired mental strength was diverted towards always keeping in touch with the system. Every action taking place within the system was being ranked by a level of importance from 0 to 100, and at the back of his mind he knew the numbers for each action. As soon as a number appeared that was abnormally high, or even a minor anomaly for that matter, he would know immediately.

Moreover, while previously he could perform generic scans, now he could look for something more specific. While this was not entirely new for him, since he was always able to directly ask Mary whenever he needed to know something, it was still a good feature.

His attention turned towards a few items that had been placed on his desk. There was a journal, an ink pen, an ink well, a letter opener and a card holder full of cards that only said 'Innkeeper' below 'Midnight Inn' written in bold letters.

He was convinced that these things were not ordinary, but he decided that first he would deal with the matter of the person wanting to take Ragnar's requests before anything else.

Yet even that required him to do two things before he addressed the matter.

The first was the matter of having a receptionist. Lex could hire one of his workers randomly, but he wanted instead to have a dedicated receptionist, who would perhaps even be his assistant.

Not to mention, it gave him an opportunity to use his new workers status panel.

While previously he could directly hire what the system called A.I. to create living workers who could take up jobs at the Inn, leaving their skills and traits up to fate, he could now be so much more specific in his requirements.

First of all, for gender he chose male. As a bachelor it would be inappropriate for him to have a female receptionist, mostly because it would trigger the memory of every corny tv show he had ever seen in his life. The trope of falling in love with your employee was too cliche for him to even joke about.

He skipped over stuff like age, appearance, height etc. and went directly to his skills, abilities, bloodline, and cultivation. Every amendment he made would drastically increase the price of his worker, but Lex had money to spare.

Without hesitation, he picked anything that sounded even remotely helpful, from eidetic memory, perfect recollection, exceptional multitasking, strong mental calculation abilities, exceptional perception, excellent reflexes, the best possible health recovery, immense vitality, and so much more.

He made sure the assistant had a strong sense for etiquette and morality. Unfortunately, he could not have the assistant created with an elevated cultivation system, as everyone would still start as a mortal, but he could choose the bloodline.

Other than Regalia Bloom, which all his workers seemed to start with, he had two other options. The Regalia Bloom was of great assistance in manipulating energy but it was not necessarily the best choice for his assistant, so he looked at the other two.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

The next one was called Anachronistic Ignition. When he read the description Lex's jaw dropped, and for the first time he actually felt incredibly jealous.

It was hard for him not to envy his workers, who were all born with such an amazing bloodline right from the start. But he controlled his emotions for he knew he had advantages of his own - especially when Regal Embrace was unique in the whole universe.

This next one though... it was just ridiculous.



Chapter 384 Luthor

The Regalia Bloom bloodline allowed the user to take control of all kinds of energy within a certain zone, with only physical strength and stamina as the determining factors for how much energy the user could manipulate. The energy could be used by channeling it into any weapon or item as the medium for energy transfer. Though there were a few limitations and price, such as the endless beautification of the bloodline holder, and the user's ability to transfer the energy fast enough, theoretically such a bloodline would make one night invincible.

If Lex had this bloodline, along with his incredible reflexes and abilities, he most likely wouldn't even get a chance to use that incredible defense of his. Just the fact that, as a Qi training cultivator Gerard was able to combat a Nascent level cultivator should be a clear indicator for how powerful and deadly this bloodline was.

Yet Anachronistic Ignition, while supposedly on the same level, seemed ridiculous to Lex. Unlike the Regalia Blood, which had an area effect, the Anachronistic Ignition was completely confined to the user's body. What it could do, though, was that it could completely displace any kind of effect, status or feature acting on, or part of the body, to a later date. In simple terminology, it could manipulate time with the user's body as the medium for time displacement.

The use could be from something small to anything incredibly massive. For example, if the user was fatigued, he could use his bloodline to displace the effects of the fatigue over the next several hours, days, or years, depending on the users ability. Moreover, he could do so endlessly as long as the bloodline was not exhausted.

But the beautiful part was that bloodline exhaustion, in itself, was an aspect of the body that could be displaced, making the use of the bloodline potentially endless. Of course, at a later time the user would still have to suffer the displaced effect, but the potency of the effects could also be determined at the time of use, for example in the case of fatigue, only 5% of the original fatigue will affect the user, but the duration is extended to make up for it.

These were the simple things being displaced. The more complicated things could be something like severe wounds, such as stabs, illness, burns, poisoning, organ damage, and even, if one were fast enough, death.

But something as mundane as indefinitely delaying death, or instantly recovering from severe damage such as a stab wound through the heart, was no longer enough to startle Lex. What completely drove him overboard was the second effect of the bloodline, as so far only the Anachronistic portion of it had been discussed.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

The way to completely and properly utilize Anachronistic Ignition was to take something the body was suffering from, and instead of sending it forward in time, completely ignite it and remove it from ever returning in the timeline!

This part was not as easy as the first part, but if succeeded, and say the user took a lethal injury and ignited its occurrence on his body from ever returning, based on the event being ignited, the user would be filled with a massive burst of energy - as a sort of reward from time itself! So, in essence, a skilled user of the bloodline, could not only endlessly suffer lethal attacks only to erase them moments later, with each injury he erased the user would not get weaker but stronger and more energetic! There was almost no drawback.

Almost, because once the user activated this bloodline for the first time, they would suffer an unspeakably horrific curse! Their body would stop aging forever, making them essentially immortal. Oh, how burdensome it was to know you could never take another sick day from work ever again because your body is forever stuck in its peak, healthy state!

Lex gulped and turned his attention to the last bloodline. He was almost afraid to read about it. Fortunately, its name was simple, and not as unique or intimidating as the last two. Moreover, unlike the previous two its effects were not so multifaceted.

It was simply called Death Counter. Its effects were that the user could hide a drop of blood anywhere and, once the user died, 24 hours later, the user would come back to life from that drop of blood, in perfect health and at the peak of his power. There was no distance or realm restriction to where the blood could be hidden, and in the case the drop was hidden behind some kind of barrier such as the one that secluded the Inn, and 24 hours passed, the user would come back to life whenever the barrier had any disruption at all.

It was not at all too fancy, and just made one essentially immortal, even beyond the previous bloodline.

Lex needed a minute to stabilize his mood as he struggled with the thought that such insanely cool bloodlines existed, which his system could give his workers, but he himself was forever without any bloodline. After all, if he had a bloodline, it should have been activated by now, right?

Regardless, Lex didn't waste any time and selected Anachronistic Ignition as his receptionist's bloodline, which raised the price to 350 million MP, but it would not change his mind. He didn't know why there was such a gap in price between Regalia Bloom and Anachronistic Ignition, since they were both impressive in their own right, but they were thoughts for later.

Having made all his selections, Lex completed his purchase. A familiar gold light flashed in front of him, and from within the light stepped for a young man. His appearance seemed to be in his early 20s, and he was wearing the signature suit of the Midnight Inn.

He could have been called handsome, were it not for the fact that he had an entirely too delicate frame. He was a petite man, as if he could be blown away by the wind, but his expression was stern and serious.

"Luthor reporting for duty, sir."

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.



Chapter 385 Lord

"Luthor, you will be my receptionist," said Lex with a smile. "Yours will be a heavy responsibility, so I hope you will be up to the task. I do not expect to be seeing a lot of guests too frequently, so you will have a lot of time on your hands. I hope you use that tie wisely and raise your cultivation level as soon as possible. It would be slightly embarrassing if my own receptionist has too low a cultivation level."

"As you wish," Luthor said with a bow, his expression forever unchanging.

"I am expecting a guest soon, Mary will update you on the details. Send him in once he arrives."

Luthor bowed even deeper, before he promptly stepped outside Lex's office and took his place at the desk. A deep, almost malevolent look flashed in his eyes once he left Lex's office, but he quickly suppressed it. He was nothing more than a common receptionist, and things would remain that way… for now.

"Mary, send me the list of Ragnar's requests and any information about them," said Lex as he once again sat down on his seat.

"There are a total of 7 requests he's set, and they have been listed in order. To do the second one, you must first complete the first one. All requests have to be carried out in order, though they don't seem to be connected. According to what Ragnar mentioned, his true request has not yet been written. Only after someone is able to complete all 7 tasks in a satisfactory manner can they be qualified to learn about the real task."

Lex nodded and looked through the 7 tasks. To be honest, they were completely beyond his comprehension. Even while reading them, he could not understand what it was Ragnar wanted.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

For example, the first task was to light a Jaded horn Lantern in a field of Bedravens underneath a sky full of moons blocking out a star. The fifth task was to swim in the ash of Gilder, while the final task was to whisper the name of the deathly precinct under the shade of a Divine Mango tree.

Literally he had no idea what answer he was supposed to give if the person who came asked him what any of that meant. Well, Lex shrugged. If he was unable to answer, he'd just tell him to ask Ragnar instead.

A short while later, Luthor opened the door to his office and welcomed in the person who wanted to attempt Ragnar's tasks.

What walked in was an eight feet (2.4 meters) tall creature in the shape of a centaur. But instead of the lower body of a horse, it was a gray skinned, six legged creature with massive rippling muscles all over its body. Its upper body, still gray in color, was humanoid, but had four hands instead of two, and six eyes.

The creature had long, straight hair falling down his back and all over his face and a sharp and pointed beard.

Curious, Lex scanned it.

Name: Dillion Jormander

Age: 6755

Sex: Female

Cultivation Details: ??? (Too high for host to view)

Species: Bravenharbinger

Midnight Inn Prestige Level: 1

Remarks: The only thing more lethal than a Bravenharbinger with a weapon, is one without.

Not to be biased, but Lex would never have been able to guess that Dillion was a female just based on how muscular her figure was. But then, he had never seen anyone from her species before so he had no point of reference to judge the appearance of a male or female. Whatever the case, it was true that she struck a formidable sight.

While Lex was undergoing musings of his own, Dillion had several of her own thoughts going on. She was from the Henali court, and had recently heard about the appearance of a new potential member. Out of curiosity she came to the Inn at the same time as the representatives who left Lex a gift behind.

Other than the teleportation, she saw nothing too impressive. Yes, there was a lot of potential here, for example that toddler Galactic Sovereign turtle, but nothing that struck her as worthy of a new member of the Henali assembly. Even the dragon was clearly not a member of the In.

The tasks she saw put up on the board in the Guild room interested her, if only slightly. It was actually the price that attracted her most. She wanted to use those requests as an excuse to meet the Innkeeper, but the moment she stepped into the office, she regretted her earlier arrogance.

How could she even begin to suspect a potential member? When had her station been high enough for that kind of judgment?

The pressure that each and every brick of this building exuded shook her to her very core, yet the ease with which it transitioned from the hall to the office, which was calm and comfortable, scared her even more.

She was wise enough to recognize a silent warning when she encountered one. So the moment she laid eyes on the Innkeeper she expected to have her spirit shook and her soul pressured. Instead she saw a rather handsome human, his sleek and suave appearance which would have usually disgusted her, appeared rather pleasing to her eyes.

He had a soft smile on his fair face, and his eyes were filled with politeness rather than the usual disdain she witnessed in Daolords.

Suddenly she was startled at her thoughts, and suddenly realized her mistake!

Without an ounce of hesitation Dillion dropped to her knees and lowered her gaze, pleading "please excuse my transgression noble one, my eyes were unworthy to gaze upon you."

Her heart was trembling with fear. As someone who worked at the Henali court, it was unimaginable that she would make a mistake as basic of looking towards a lord without permission. Yet she had made it. Now, she could only hope for forgiveness and leniency.

"Relax," said Lex, his voice filled with brilliant gentleness. "Here at the Midnight Inn, we treat our guests with great care."



Chapter 386 Evil Intentions

Dillion relaxed upon hearing the Innkeepers answer. It was not unheard of for Daolords to be nonchalant about etiquette, but whether or not they were was their prerogative. Regardless of her status or strength, unless she touched upon the Dao, she had to prostrate herself before them.

Now that he had told her to relax, however, she must not emphasize on continuing her display. Another very important rule about dealing with Daolords was not giving them a reason to repeat themselves.

She silently chided herself for ever doubting the veracity of the rumors regarding the Innkeeper. If she had not been arrogant enough to request an audience with the Innkeeper to further investigate the Inn, she would not have ended up in this situation.

Upon noticing Dillion instantly obeying his instructions, yet detecting the strong sense of fear and regret radiating from her body, Lex connected many dots and immediately came to a conclusion of his own about what was happening.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

He chuckled and said, "sometimes our own extensive experience can be our own detriment. At the Inn, so long as you do not break any of the Inns rules, you are completely safe. Now tell me, how can I help you?"

Dillion's body trembled, but she managed to keep herself from having any stray thoughts and bowed deeply towards Lex. Only after a minute, when she got up from her deep bow, did she say in a reverent voice, "I am Dillion Jormander, great lord, a custodian in the Henali court. I came to seek some clarification on the tasks posted in the Guild hall."

"In that case, why did you seek me out, and not the person who put down these tasks?"

"Great lord, I feared that checking the details of these tasks was beneath you, and the person who put up these tasks may have been using your platform with insidious intent. That way, should news of the tasks come to light, the one to suffer the fallout would be the Inn instead of the original author of these tasks."

Strictly speaking, Dillion's words were true, which was the best answer she could give in this circumstance. Naturally the whole truth was that she doubted the Innkeeper's actual strength and status, but the coercion she suffered back in the hall before his office set the record straight. It was not something that could be easily fabricated.

"Oh?" Lex said, suddenly pulling up the tasks and looking at them again. To be honest, even with this new information he could not make heads or tails of it - yet he could not allow her to realize as much.

The second request was a little strange, to tickle the soul of an aged Marble moon fruit. Was that the one that was insidious? Lex, an extremely ticklish man, always felt that the act was the devil's work. Or was it the third request, to steal the death of an Akhroat? It literally had the words death and steal in it.

Nope, Lex could not make heads or tails of it, so he had to look at the matter from another angle. The tasks were put up by Ragnar, so did Lex judge the man to be one with machinations behind his actions. He had a strong feeling that Ragnar was not such a man, so he would not use the Inn to perform any evil tasks. He was a man with a lot of responsibility on his shoulders, so he wouldn't be out here wasting time over nothing. There had to be more to these tasks, but whatever the secret was, Lex was convinced it was not something evil. Also, he really wanted that 1 trillion MP!

"The tasks have been put up by a repeated guest of the Inn, one I have met personally many times" Lex said, his voice as reassuring as the warmth of the winter sun. "I trust that there is sufficient reason for him to put up such requests."

Dillion did not know much about the Innkeeper, mostly because there was not much information about him available. However, his reputation at the Inn seemed to be very good and based on what she heard he did not seem to have many evil practices. In fact, he seemed to care very little about anything unrelated to the Inn itself. So, perhaps, in his eyes, the task that seemed very dangerous, with potentially catastrophic repercussions if not handled carefully, was of no importance whatsoever.

She was hesitating about whether or not she should elaborate, or if it would seem rude for her to continue on with a topic the Innkeeper already deemed safe.

Lex, who was now more in sync with the system and its space than ever before, was naturally able to pick out the expressions on her face. While he was not familiar with her race, his instincts, in this heightened state, were naturally able to detect what was on her mind.

"Do not be afraid to say what's on your mind." After all, the more you speak, the more I will learn.

Naturally, Lex did not say the second part, and only thought about it.

"The last task, of speaking under the shade of a Divine Mango tree, especially taking the name of the deathly precinct… if it is not performed with the utmost care, it could end up interfering with the preparations for the Henali Champions tourney. Such a transgression… it is not one that can be easily borne."

Dillion dared not look directly at the Innkeeper, despite his assurance that it was alright, but she was observing for any reaction that the Innkeeper had at this information. After all, even Daolords had to obey the Henali.

But there was none. The Innkeeper was as casual as before, as if he did not care at all.

"Maybe the whole purpose of the task then," he eventually said, his voice as if explaining something simple to a mere child, "is to find someone capable of fulfilling the requirement without causing problems. I'm sure he does not mean to attract endless trouble towards himself, but is rather searching for someone brave enough to attempt it, and skilled enough to pull it off. I suggest you do not take the task if you do not consider yourself of sufficient skill."

Dillion was startled, and somehow she felt challenged. Though from the Innkeepers voice she heard nothing but genuine concern, calling her courage and skill into question, for her own safety, affected her more than any insult ever could have.

She was not crazy enough to try and offend Henali but… suddenly she was curious about what kind of requirements they have for a person, if just their test alone is already so tough.

"No, I cannot risk anyone else attempting the task and messing up. I will take this upon myself," she said, both reassuring herself and informing the Innkeeper.

He smiled at her, his eyes filled with more gentleness than even her own father had shown her, and said, "then I wish you luck."

He truly did, for there was 1 trillion MP on the line here!

*****

Once Dillion left, the Innkeeper retreated leaving Luthor free to do as he wished. The Innkeeper had suggested he cultivate, and had even provided him with an excellent cultivation technique. But Luthor's heart could not settle down.

He spent several hours familiarizing himself with the Inn, then used his position as the Innkeeper's receptionist to get a meeting with one of the most famous of the Inn's workers, Gerard - the Head of Security.

"It's a pleasure to meet you," Gerard said, as amiable as ever. His appearance had changed drastically due to Regalia Bloom, making it so that he no longer looked like an aged man, but rather a handsome, mature man. Compared to him, the delicate Luthor seemed very lacking, yet Gerard saw a fire in his eyes that let him know not to take this man lightly.

"Senior Gerard," Luthor began, his voice polite yet professional. "I have been doing some research since my appointment, and, if you do not mind, there are some matters I wish to discuss with you."

"Oh? Taking initiative, I like that. Tell me, what do you want to talk about?"

"Well senior, it has come to my attention that up until very recently, a lot of the security was handled by guards that had been outsourced for the Lady Cosmos competition. But since the competition ended, the guards also returned. During that entire time, and still, many guests took the Inns' rules as nothing and kept breaking them, causing the security to have their hands full. Now that the extra guards are gone, your teams should be even busier now than ever, correct?"

"That is true."

"I believe, senior, that the reason people keep trying to break the rules, is because of how lenient the Innkeeper is. Naturally, someone of his caliber would view all the guests as nothing but children, and so would treat them gently."

An evil light shone in Luthor's eyes.

"But as the representatives of the Inn, and the Innkeeper, we need to maintain the respect that they deserve. I believe… if we took a stronger stance against rule breakers, the rest would be too afraid to transgress."

"What do you have in mind?"



Chapter 387 Gossip Queen

"What do you have in mind?" Gerard asked, his expression turning a little more serious. In matters regarding security he took nothing lightly, and this matter which involved them taking an initiative to propose a change in the way things operate was especially one that required his full attention.

"If I'm being completely candid, then if it were completely up to me, all rule breakers would receive the capital punishment!" Luthor said, his eyes narrowed. "But no matter what, we must not let the Inn's reputation be tarnished. As such, different levels of transgressions must have different levels of punishment.

"In that case, if we do things my way, the lightest transgression for a first timer will result in a one year ban from entering the Inn, while a repeat offender will get permanently banned. We can also suspend any tasks they're performing or requesting in the Guild room. Furthermore, depending on how serious the issue is, the punishment can be even more serious.

"According to what I know, some marauder's attacked the Inn some time ago, and are still being held at the Inn as prisoners."

"Yes, that is the case," replied Gerard. He took care of the prisoners' security and nutritional requirements, which is why he was one of the few people still aware of the prisoners. The rest seemed to have forgotten about them.

"They were pillagers who attacked the Inn. A lot of them were captured instead of just killed. The Innkeeper did not feel like executing them, so they have been kept hidden at the Inn so far."

"Excellent, so following that train of thought, we'll also need to develop a dungeon, or a prison. Guests who break very serious rules can be put in prison or punished otherwise. Of course, for matters related to this we will have to get the Innkeepers permission, but we should prepare a full-fledged proposal before we present it to him.

"Moreover, I've noticed that we have many strong cultivators, but most of them are at a low level. We should prepare a thorough recruitment plan and present it before the Innkeeper. Some of the guests are genuinely talented and we should utilize them to the best of our abilities.

"At the same time, I've noticed that we have many workers, and all of them are treated very well, but very few have additional benefits which has caused everyone to become complacent. I think we should design a promotion system to motivate employees to work harder…"

The evil gleam in Luthor's eyes began to shine even brighter. He had a very calculative and mathematical mind, and the Inn, as impeccable as it was, was full of inefficiencies. Of course, that was not the Innkeeper's fault, but a result of the workers, who he found lacking.

The Innkeeper had trusted him, and Luthor would not disappoint him. That, he would make sure of.

*****

Lex had dismissed Luthor because he wasn't expecting to see any more guests and wanted to explore the Inn he had been away from for so long, but it was not meant to be.

A number of Inn employees applied to meet with the Innkeeper, for they had many things to report. Although Mary had kept him abreast of all matters that required his attention, that was only on the large scale of things. The minor details relating to the Inn were many things he had overlooked as a result of his absence.

Well, he could not blame anyone, nor was his work getting any less by avoiding it. He began meeting everyone one at a time. The first worker he met was the Sovereign Galactic turtle, who had requested his presence at the greenhouse.

In fact, it should no longer be called the greenhouse but a farm due to its massive size and formidable output.

Fields of vegetables were planted over the sloping hills of the Midnight Inn, with several orchards nearby as well. The formation that was supposed to protect the greenhouse had undergone many upgrades, both in size and function. Since it was only designed to confuse any who entered, and prevent them from delving inside too deeply, the upgrades were not costly. Or at least, not too costly at only 700 million MP!

It had resulted in the greenhouse staying safe so far, though now Lex was considering adding fruit picking as an activity for guests to indulge in.

A random thought occurred to him, which was that he would probably get some cool upgrades if he got his hands on some kind of farming system. After all, any aid his own system gave him in terms of maintaining the 'greenhouse' was very limited.

"How have you been?" Lex asked as he appeared in front of the massive turtle that had buried its shell in the soil. Lex had no idea what it was doing, nor did he want to ask.

"There has been a small, teeny tiny accident," the turtle said, slowly. "Yes, just a small teeny tiny accident. Oh dear, why does no one ever listen to me?"

"What was the accident?" Lex asked, suddenly becoming serious. It was the first time he heard the turtle lose control of a situation.

"Well, a guest paid me a handsome commission to plant a sapling and help it grow up quickly at the Inn. Since the conditions for the sapling to grow were too difficult to find normally, I accepted. At first, all was well. Then the sapling grew a consciousness. Then it fused with the Delinquent Viper Vine hidden underneath the Inns soil, and took control of the vines."

Lex was extremely alarmed at the news, as the Delinquent Vines spread as far as the Inn extended, and were a very important part of the Inn's security system. They were what restrained any trouble makers before guards or security could reach them. If someone hijacked the Inns security… that would be problematic.

"Show me," said Lex gravely.

The turtle, after considering for a moment, rolled over. The soil that covered it was ripped from the ground, falling everywhere but leaving a hole in the center where the turtle had been.

There, in the ground, was a small, but very familiar plant.

"Igishima?" Lex said, suddenly startled. He remembered the sentient plant well, for it had given him quite the shock back when he saw it the first time during the Midnight Games. But it could not be Igishima, for he remembered receiving a notification saying that it had died, and it's MP balance had been sent to its inheritor.

Yet the plant looked too similar for it to be a coincidence.

"The name is McDonald," said the small sapling, "Young McDonald."

"Hello Young," said Lex with a hint of amusement when he realized that… this plant was actually an employee as well! But unlike the turtle, which had hired itself as an employee, this time the system claimed McDonald as having been born only due to the unique environment it provided, and so accepted it as a part of the system in the form of an employee.

"I have been told that you've taken over the Vines underneath the Inn. What are your intentions, little sapling?"

The few green leaves on the sapling changed color, as if blushing out of embarrassment.

"I didn't mean to do it, promise. It just... kind of happened."

"Well I hope you can continue to use them to protect the Inn, since you've taken control away from everyone else."

"I don't know how…" said the sapling, its voice reduced to a squeak.

"The turtle will teach you," said Lex, before turning to give the turtle a silent look. This was the first time he had lost control of the situation, and Lex kind of found it amusing. He also did not forget the little scamper had been accepting MP payments privately. It seemed the turtle was entering its mischievous age.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Let me know if there's anything else," said Lex one last time, before teleporting away to his next worker. He really had a lot of ground to cover, and a lot of work to do. But, in a way, this was probably the best way to settle back into the flow of things.

He met with a few workers who were planning Harry's wedding and wanted Lex's permission with a few things. He met with workers who had, predictably, gained a bit of weight from eating too much of the Inn's extremely organic, extremely nutrient rich foods and he met with a few who were just making up fake excuses to be able to meet the prestigious Innkeeper.

He met with Gerards old racing crew, who had grown vastly in numbers now. Their fleet of golf carts could be seen all over the Inn, some even racing against the Midnight Train. He met with Little Blue, the flying whale, who had grown a lot more cheerful these past few months, and he met some of the animals who had been living at the Inn for so long that they began cultivating.

Everything was going well, then he met with Velma. She approached him pulling behind her several bags, all full of notebooks. She had reports to give, and they were extremely detailed. After all, she was the gossip queen of the Inn.



Chapter 388 First Binder

"It's been a while," said Lex as looked at Velma, doing his best to avoid looking at the several bags behind her. No matter what, Velma and Gerard held a special place in Lex's heart as the first workers he'd ever hired at the Inn. They had been with him through everything, and their help along the way was invaluable.

All things considered, it was not strange to say that Lex genuinely missed them dearly.

"It has been too long," she said, maintaining the professionalism in her voice, though Lex could clearly hear how emotional she felt.

"No need to be so formal between us. We can be considered old friends now."

Velma lightly trembled upon hearing the Innkeeper's words, and relaxed. Her smile widened as she gestured to the Innkeeper to have a seat. She had prepared some snacks and refreshments, for their meeting would not be a short one.

"I hope you had fun," Velma said, but then greed gleamed in her eyes as she got to matters she really cared about. "Moreover, if you encountered any touching love stories, I hope you'll share them with me."

Lex smiled weakly as he quickly went through his memories to judge if he could recall any love stories. The hedonistic King's harem of wives did not really paint him as a romantic, and everyone else was too focused on killing Kraven to have any decent love stories. At most, Dino and his wife could barely count.

"I visited a realm under siege by an alien race. I did not get the chance to see any decent romances."

"How unfortunate," she said in a saddened tone, though Lex wondered if her sympathy was towards the realm being invaded or the lack of romance.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Her morose mood lasted only a moment, though, as she quickly brightened up when she unzipped one of the bags and pulled out her first binder.

"The Inn, on the other hand, was rampant with love stories of all kinds. While I was learning about them, I managed to also learn a bunch of interesting things about various worlds. Take Earth for example..."

When she opened her binder, Lex was expecting to encounter a scrap book dedicated to the romances of his home planet, but what he saw instead was an extremely well documented, and completely unraveled list of secrets.

"Though the planet has come under the rule of Fernanda, beneath her there is a web of political intrigue, all secretly being manipulated by the many political prisoners kept on the planet."

From the binder she took out a few pages which had pictures of a few key political leaders on Earth, as well as pictures of the so-called political prisoners on the planet who were manipulating them from behind the scenes.

The more Lex heard, the more serious he became. It reached to the point where over 90% of all wars in the last 200 years were caused by the same three prisoners, who all happened to be friends.

In fact, Velma even managed to uncover the fact that one of the Nascent cultivators from Earth, the one fondly called as Fatty, was just a normal person who reached his current realm due to a random treasure he found. The truth regarding that matter, however, was that one of the prisoners lost a bet, and had to give a treasure from their personal collection to a mortal on earth as punishment.

As if that was not it, one group of prisoners had been influencing the Nascent cultivators, and another had been manipulating the so-called rebellion, treating it all as some kind of entertainment.

The more Lex heard, the more horrified and amazed he was. He was horrified because of the reach and influence of the prisoners was ridiculous, and amazed at the detail with which Velma had managed to gather information. He did not even have time to process the complexity and intricacy of the conspiracies she was uncovering in front of him, so much so that the next few hours flew by like the wind.

But, unfortunately, the few hours did not mean they went through all the binders, no. It took them so long only to cover one binder, which had been labeled Earth. None of the other binders had anything to do with Lex's home planet, which, frankly, once again left Lex astounded at Velma's capabilities.

When he asked her how she learned all this, she said this was just her collection of useless information she got while asking various guests about their love lives.

Lex's jaw dropped, only mentally of course. In actuality, his expression only changed slightly and showed genuine appreciation for her effort.

In the end, though, Lex concluded that he could not listen to her entire briefing today, and instead told her that he would listen to her elaborate on one of her binders each day.

Velma found that most satisfactory, as she had assumed that the Innkeeper would only take her binders away and read them at his own leisure. By allowing her to tell him about them each day, he not only ensured that they would meet often, he allowed Velma to fully show off her hard work.

But he was not done with the binder from Earth, no. He told Velma to create another binder, keeping only information pertaining to all the people secretly causing wars and strife throughout Earth. He would first give the new ruler of Earth, Fernanda, a chance to set things straight. If she could not, he would make all that information public.

Once he was done with Velma, countless other workers had requested meetings, including Gerard, so Lex was still not free. Between meetings, though, he still found some time to set down the Inheritance lounge and open it, as well as used his new Remote presence ability.

The Remote presence ability let him create a holographic projection of himself anywhere on system grounds. In this case, that included the tavern.

This was very important for Lex, for while he was doing the rounds at the Inn, some people had arrived at the tavern to deal with him. Namely, Joseph Noel had shown up, followed closely by Mario and Elio Ricci. They had been very discreet in their arrival, ensuring that no one knew they arrived together. Moreover, they had gone directly to a private room, not taking the risk of being spotted together.

After all, Mario Ricci was the Goatfather of Babylon while Joseph was the actual owner of the town. In theory, they should be at odd ends instead of so close. Lex, however, had long surmised that they must have a close relationship.

Now that Joseph knew that Lex was in close cooperation with the royal family of Hum nation, he had dropped his guard, somewhat, and had arrived with the intention of discussing business.

Lex did not feel like leaving the Inn any time soon, so the Remote projection ability came in handy very quickly. Moreover, with the increase in his cultivation, his mental faculties had improved so much that Lex had no issues controlling the projection while he did work of his own.

When Lex's projection entered the private room, Joseph and the rest stood up to greet him respectfully. It appeared as if everyone had been briefed on exactly the kind of behavior they had to display in front of Lex.

Lex himself was quite curious because he had not seen Elio during the town blackout. He wondered if Elio had survived in one of the shelters, or if he had been somewhere else entirely.

"Lex, I know that you have already met, but let me introduce you again. This is Mario, my on ground manager for many of my ventures."

"Mario," said Lex with a nod in acknowledgment.

"Lex," said Mario likewise with a nod.

"In the future, he will be conducting trade on my behalf. Moreover, although it was a little tough, I've managed to arrange 100 energy crystals for you, though they'll be delivered in batches of 10 over the next few weeks."

"That's excellent. I have the stuff you asked for as well, I'll have someone bring them in. Though, I managed to get a lot of material. The price naturally went over 100 crystals, so you can just choose which ones you want and which ones you don't."

Joseph was both surprised and very pleased to hear the news, and became even happier when Rick carried in a chest full of extremely rare treasures. In his heart he wondered why Lex had trouble locating energy crystals when he could find other treasures so easily, but he did not complain. There was no market for the materials he wanted, simply because they were never available. In comparison, while the energy crystals were extremely expensive, at least they could still be found.

Their meeting eventually concluded with both parties very happy. Lex, especially, was very happy since he planned on relying on Joseph to learn about the secrets of the Kraven. That's because he asked Mary if another incident like the previous one where he got trapped in another realm could happen again. She only replied that until they uncovered the anomaly that resulted in Lex being sent there in the first place, they could take no precautions against it.



Chapter 389 Sudden Quest

Lex did not dismiss his projection after he was done with Joseph and Mario. Instead, he went to Aegis, who had been sitting at the tavern, once again conversing with Roland.

Lex was slightly curious about what the duo talked about, but not enough to eavesdrop. He only signaled Aegis to meet him in the private room so they could talk.

The crown prince responded immediately, leaving Roland with only a plate of fries to keep him company for the moment.

When he entered the room, Lex did not waste any time and presented him with two keys, one platinum and one gold.

Originally, Lex considered not giving Aegis with a key of his own unless he got Zagan to use the platinum one, but he decided not to be so restrictive. Not only would this give Aegis a better impression, but it would also account for the fact that the crystal realm was now linked to the system, and golden doors could spontaneously appear anywhere.

Using them, Aegis could accidentally arrive at the Inn at any time, so he would rather provide him with a golden key first. If he wanted the platinum key, however, he would need to complete the task.

Of course, the chances that Aegis would encounter a golden door were too small, but Lex no longer trusted luck.

There was also a considerable drawback to providing him with the golden key, which is that considering his wealthy status, there wasn't much he could go from working at the Inn that he couldn't just buy himself. This made him consider the fact that he needed to improve his worker benefits. This was yet another thing he would add to his ever-growing list of things to do.

"This is a golden key, and can take you to the Midnight Inn. You can begin your search for greater opportunities from there as a guest whenever you want. But, if you want to join the Midnight Inn, you have to prove yourself by having Zagan use the platinum key."Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Carefully, Aegis took the keys from Lex's hand, his expression extremely ominous. He did not think he'd get access to the Inn so easily.

But, at the same time, he did not even consider reneging on their deal and avoiding Zagan. Whether he joined the Inn or not, it would be best not to start their relationship with a bad experience.

"Feel free to use the golden key once before you try to find Zagan. It'll be good to know what you're fighting for."

Aegis caught his breath, as he was severely tempted to do just that even before Lex said so. Now that he had permission…

Before he could decide on what to do, Lex dismissed his projection, disappearing from in front of Aegis, scaring the hell out of him! It was not easy to get the drop on an immortal, but Lex kept doing it!

As for Lex himself, he was in a meeting with the planning division. They had proposed many changes and alterations to the existing setup of the Inn, including Main street which was originally where all the main attractions of the Inn used to be.

Now, with the addition of the party village, a majority of the crowd was attracted there while the Main street and the rest of the Inn became welcome places for the guests who were just visiting.

In fact, since the development of the party village, something remarkable happened that Lex had looked over for a very long time. When Earth won the cultural portion of the Midnight Games, they won the award to have their top performers summoned to the Inn to perform for free. In fact, they would actually get paid for their performances.

But as the Inn lacked proper venues to host such events, that aspect of their award was never triggered. Now, finally, various performers from all over Earth found themselves performing live in front of the universe.

If nothing else, it had kick-started Earth's economy, as well as cultivation. There were over 100 Nascent realm cultivators on the planet now, but almost all of them lived virtually permanently at the Inn due to the better environment.

Setting all that aside, Lex had been overlooking plans for renovations to Main street when he saw a proposal for the addition to a very gothic looking cathedral. He had long since understood that the workers in the planning division all had unique personalities, and their personalities were often reflected in their work.

He had no issue with the gothic nature of the cathedral at all, but simply wanted to avoid building religious buildings for he did not want to involve himself in matters of religion. Earth alone was chalk full of religions and religious zealots, let alone the rest of the universe. So this was one controversial entity with which he wanted a clear distance.

Yet the moment he selected the cathedral to remove it from the proposals, he triggered a hidden quest!

Hidden quest: Different guests require different environments to survive. Establish 5 unique environmental biomes to cater to different kinds of guests from all over the universe, including divine guests!

Quest progress: ⅗ complete!

- Stable Terrestrial biome (low chaos)

- Aquatic biome

- Stable Fossorial biome (underground)

He had to pause, not only because of the unique way in which the biomes had been decided, but because of the fact that he could almost immediately complete this quest. This was because as soon as he built the cathedral, supposedly, he would gain another biome. It would be a biome that would allow divine beings to exist.

Basically, of his existing biomes, on land, in the water, and underground, all counted as unique biomes, but for whatever reason the open air did not count. Or maybe it was a part of the on land biome. So then, what else would he have to do to get another biome? After all, on top of Midnight mountain he had a snowy terrain, yet the change in weather was not counter as another biome.

He theorized that the environment was not drastically different enough to count. He would need to run a few experiments to find out.

Also, did he have guests who'd been living underground all this time? He had to look into that, for he would have to figure out how to serve them.



