Chapter 1050 A blunt

Sitting in the tavern, Lex smiled. It was such a strange experience. He was sitting indoors, but at the same time he could feel the wind on his face. He was sitting indoors, but he could see the vast horizon. He was doing absolutely nothing, but at the same time he was embarking on a great adventure. It felt surreal.

It was a rare moment of peace where Lex could kick back and sincerely say that despite all the crap that he had to face, the dangers, the risks, the uncertainty, life was really interesting and worth living.

Lex was not someone who easily got bored - when he didn't have a tumor. Others would get tired of the monotony, or generally lose interest in things, but that had never been Lex. A cold drink on a hot day was always good, leftover pizza was always good, the sunset was always good, going on an adventure was always exciting and experiencing new things was always interesting.

Heck, Lex wouldn't even mind enjoying a nice volcanic explosion once he was done conditioning his body to not be absolutely devastated by it.

Which is exactly why, despite the many problems he had on his checklist to resolve, he didn't mind enjoying this moment. Who knew, in the future his fairy self might collect a crew of misfits and go search for one piece of resin. It would be a dangerous adventure, considering his fairy body didn't have the same toughness as his regular body yet.

But since his fairy body had left, he should really head back and check up on the rest of the fairies. It would be quite a waste if by the time he went back, they had already left - not that it would be too hard for him to search for them.

Lex got up, setting his drink on the table, and said to the owner, "well, I'm out. Sorry for the misunderstanding - and the hole in your wall."

The owner looked at him, and though he had not a shred of exhaustion left in his body, still gave Lex a fed up look.

"If I were you, I'd stay for a while longer - if you want to avoid being annoyed."

"Oh? How come?"

"I'm not in the habit of showering in blood, just so you know," the tavern owner said, commenting on his state. Lex, honestly speaking, hadn't paid attention to the blood at all.

"The city lord has lost his mind. Without his projection to subdue others in the city, he suddenly started feeling insecure, so he's ordered his guards to attack anyone he feels could threaten him. Most of the city is in chaos, to be honest."

Lex was actually surprised to hear that, and then realized that he didn't have his spirit sense spread out observing the place because... well because he wasn't particularly looking for anything.

"This city lord, would you say he's a good ruler generally? Or is this sort of thing a norm for him?"

"You a foreigner? Well that makes sense. The city lord is a spoiled idiot who had life handed to him on a silver platter. His family was rich so they spoiled him, and helped him raise his projection level as high as they could. With that to help him subjugate others, he's forcefully held his position for years. Now that the projections have faded, he's lost his mind."

Lex nodded, then continued to walk out the door. On the topic of enjoying life, there was one thing he'd once thought about doing but never really got around to. Now that he just happened to encounter an insecure tyrant, he wouldn't mind being an unknown hero to the city.

But naturally he would not just take the tavern owners word for it. He spread his spirit sense out and collected information, and it didn't take much time. The city lord was an extreme result of the caste system that was prevalent in the sealed domain. In fact, Lex didn't doubt that if he could raise his projection level even higher, he would absolutely start taking slaves.

His orders to the city guard to go kill a bunch of people didn't really help his case either. For a moment Lex hesitated. Was it right to go around being a vigilante just because he was powerful?

It was a slippery slope. Once he got in the habit of deciding peoples fates, it might not stay limited to cruel city lords.

But the hesitation lasted only a second. Whether he wanted to or not, he was already in a leadership position, and every decision he made was already affecting the fate of countless others. Every single being in this entire realm was only born as a result of his decisions. It was a little too late to become squeamish about making such decisions. He just had to make sure that he wasn't harming others for no reason, and bringing about a net positive result.

That might not be the most ethical mind set, but in an existence where he was just a bug compared to the rest of the universe, he didn't exactly mind if had to make some compromises.

He teleported directly to the city lord, who was sitting in a security bunker surrounded by dozens of guards. The man was literally taking some kind of drugs when Lex arrived.

"Pel, teach me how to make illusions," Lex communicated with his ring, and received the corresponding feedback. Having an incredibly high comprehension was amazing, because it took him only a few minutes to learn the technique completely.

The entire time, Lex just stood there in the bunker right in plain view, but the city lord did not notice, for he was too busy preparing his next hit of whatever he was taking. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Up above the city, a massive image appeared, immediately attracting the attention of the residents. Even the few who did not notice immediately caught on soon enough, as everyone was peering into the sky.

The image was from Lex's point of view, showing the city lord dedicatedly working hard on his passion project - a blunt strong enough to affect a cultivator.



Chapter 1051 Power and responsibility

﻿﻿Now strictly speaking, Lex did not have anything against smoking up. After all, one really cannot live in New York without having at least half your friends and acquaintances partake in some kind of recreational substance - whether that be alcohol or something else. But the man had literally ordered a massacre, which had caused chaos across the entire city, and was actively resulting in severe harm to the city and its people, while he sat here and smoked up.

That was just wrong. But then again, what did he expect?

It had been a while, but Lex put on his Notorious Anonymity mask - the one which contained a bit of divinity and grew as it absorbed more of it. In the illusion above the city, everyone could see that the person had put on a mask, though they couldn't see him to begin with since they were seeing the scene through his eyes.

"Are you the lord of this city?" Lex asked. Even though he did not try to change it, his voice through the mask came out much deeper and more sinister than it actually was.

The city lord, who actually looked quite young, was startled by the voice, but when he looked up at the man in the sinister mask, he was not actually scared. Instead, he revealed a strange, twisted smile.

"Oh man, I can't believe it's already kicking in. I haven't even warmed up yet. Ah, I shouldn't have sent Sheela away, she would have enjoyed this."

The illusion up above the city was not limited to just vision, but it was an auditory illusion as well. That meant their voices were reverberating through the city, bringing a stop to the chaos for a brief moment. Sheela, who was the city lords personal bodyguard, city guard head and mistress, suddenly felt great alarm, and started to make her way back towards the bunker. But even if she reached it, it would not have mattered for Lex kept it shut with his spirit sense.

"Do you know the harm you're causing to the city?" Lex asked as he stepped closer to the man. Honestly, he looked like a teenager. His skin looked smooth and unblemished, as if he had never seen a moment of difficulty his whole life. Well, his cultivation was also not completely pathetic at the initial Foundation realm, which must help as well.

The city lord suddenly grimaced at the question.

"The city! This damned city! I did everything for them, and all they want is more. Bunch of ungrateful rats. I would sell them all as slaves if my stupid projection didn't get stuck!"

"What exactly have you done for them?" Lex asked, as he softly moved away the table that separated them.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"I sacrificed everything for them! I stuck around in this stupid, worthless city whereas I had an offer to go live in an elite only city! But do they feel grateful? No, they only want more things! Fewer taxes, more security, bla bla bla. Bunch of no good rats. If they would only acknowledge me, my projection rating would go up, but they just-"

Lex didn't need to hear more. Though he was hardly doing something to convince himself. But he had just recently made a rule to confirm the situation before doing anything. It wouldn't exactly be appropriate to jump the gun the first chance he got.

Back when he first got the ability to touch souls, with Impervious Hands, he imagined himself bitch slapping the soul right out of someone's body. But, to an extent, he was only kidding. He never thought he'd actually do it. But when someone just up and presented themselves on a silver platter…

"You know what, I think your connection to this city is really special. You are just not giving them enough of a chance. Why don't I help give them a chance to personally let you know just how much they appreciate you."

At that point, the illusion disappeared, and Lex turned his body into the soul state, and slapped the city lord.

It was a nice, clean slap, with good form and swift execution. But as his hand was in its soul state, it went through his body. It did not, however, go through his soul. That little thing was pulled right out of his body, along with Lex's hand, while the body fell limp.

Without the influence of drugs, which were left behind in the body, the soul immediately sobered up, and realized that something was gravely amiss. But it did not have the means to communicate.

At the Foundation realm, a soul was not even strong enough to exist without the body much less do anything else. The only reason the soul hadn't exploded was because Lex was keeping the soul covered in his soul sense, and providing it with support.

"Do you think it counts as killing a person if the soul and body are both technically alive?" Lex asked the soul.

The devilish mask, and his deeply disturbing voice were a lot more haunting to the city lord now. It was a good thing he no longer had a body, or else he would have suffered a heart attack from fear.

Outside the city, the chaos from the city guards momentarily subsided as no one was sure about the city lord's situation. If he was dead, there was no reason to be loyal to him and fight on his behalf.

All the powerful forces in the city gathered at his mansion, since there was no force willing to still fight for him, and soon they reached his bunker. When they opened it, they found it completely empty.

The city lord had completely disappeared.

No one had an answer for what happened, and a new kind of chaos spread in the city while the forces joined together to calm things down, and then decide on new leadership.

There was no clear answer. Everyone wanted to be the city lord.

Then, a few hours later, a statue suddenly appeared in the city square. It was titled 'The reward of being a selfish leader'. The statue looked just like the former city lord.

When some people came close to the bronze statue, they realized they could hear voices. Fear and panic spread through the square as they all retreated. Eventually, someone brave enough stepped forward to investigate, and listened to the wailing noises.

It turns out a devil, no, a monster had appeared suddenly and imprisoned the city lord's soul in the statue, so he could hear first hand from his citizens what a good city lord he was.

As the news spread, the fight for new leadership suddenly stopped. Now, everyone was afraid to take power without the ability to handle the responsibility. But by then, Lex had already left.



Chapter 1052 Everyone has to behave

﻿﻿When Lex returned, the fairies were still unconscious. How long did it take to recover from a cross generation enchantment that kept them and their entire race cursed? Since he didn't have an answer to that question Lex was about to throw drops of his blood on all of them, when he suddenly paused.

Perhaps throwing his blood around everywhere so casually wasn't the best idea - since he was trying to hide his physique. But he had to admit that its healing qualities were extremely handy. Since that was the case, he just had to learn another healing technique.

"Hey Pel, do you know any healing techniques?"

"This… healing is not so straightforward. I do indeed know many healing techniques, but they're not so generic. Within a certain range, a technique may heal certain wounds or illnesses, but mostly it depends on what you are treating. For example, the fairies in front of you. If I pass a technique that simply focuses on vitality, and you use it, through sheer brute force it may allow them to wake up, and possibly even heal what ails them, but that will not be a proper means of treatment.

"For that, you would have to properly diagnose what is wrong with them, narrow down how to treat them, and then use the most appropriate method. Even though in my previous life, healing was not something I paid much attention to, I learned hundreds of techniques just to diagnose my dragonoid underlings and descendants."

"Well, we're not doing anything else. Why don't you teach me how to properly diagnose them and then how I can train them."

Lex was thoroughly aware that one of his greatest advantages was his quick learning speed. It was abnormal even among cultivators, which is why if he did not make use of it then he would be wasting his resources.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Within the Midnight Inn he did not feel like there was any real threat to him, which is why he wanted to use this time as efficiently as possible. The more he learned and the more he was able to do, the better he would be able to handle the threats he faced in the future.

Over the next twenty minutes, Pel taught Lex a number of various diagnosis techniques. Since Pel did not learn nor was interested in the exact biology of his patients, the techniques he learned were more focused on identifying specific things that were generally true of all species with bodies. For example, how to identify and differentiate wounded vitality from drained vitality, how to identify the effects of poison, how to identify curses, how to tell if the issue is with the spirit or soul instead, and so on.

These techniques were all very generic, but seemed to work. For example, they could not identify poisons, since what was poisonous to one species might not be to another. Therefore learning the list of what was harmful to each and every species was… it was not exactly impossible, but it was pointless. His techniques would just identify when the body was being affected by poison, and another technique would support and empower the body to expel the poison on its own.

After going through a number of different diagnostic techniques, Lex was finally able to determine that the issue the fairies were having was because their spirits were extremely chaotic - at least that's what was keeping them unconscious. They were suffering from countless other problems besides.

What a chaotic spirit meant, neither Lex nor Pel knew. However, even if he didn't know what that exactly meant, it didn't mean he didn't have a treatment for it.

After learning what he needed to do, Dr. Lex cracked his knuckles and got in the zone. Not that he had any intention to do such a thing, this was good practice for if he ever needed to act like a mysterious doctor.

He used the technique a couple of times to practice, then began healing the fairies. The result was almost immediate.

A blue, gentle light was emitted from Lex's fingers which bathed all the fairies, soothing their spirits, and at the same time, physically soothing and slightly restoring their brains as well. It was a two-pronged healing technique, and in only a few seconds, the first fairy began to wake up, though it was still clearly disoriented.

After a few minutes, however, all of them sat up straight, now stunned by disbelief. They had actually done it. The thing that they had been looking forward to for generations! None of them thought that it would happen in their lifetimes, but it happened in the span of a single day!

Lex coughed. He was well aware that the fairies were understandably stunned, but he did not want to wait for them all over again.

"Congratulations, you have all gained your freedom. You are now free from the trappings of the enchantment that kept you here, and can go anywhere. It occurs to me that you may not want to stay here, but don't necessarily have anywhere else to go. I understand that it will take you some time to process everything, and come to terms with your new reality, but I thought I'd offer my assistance once more.

"I come from the Midnight Inn. Surely you've heard of it. If you go. I understand that it will take you some time to process everything, and come to terms with your new reality, but I wish, you can accompany me to the Inn, as I am about to return. You can stay there for a while, and if you wish and find it suitable, you can even join it. Now I don't mean to rush you, but do you think you could decide what you want to do without sending me on another quest? I have other things to do as well."

For a moment the fairies were stunned, until a particularly old looking fairy stepped forward.

"Oh great savior, even though we are free now, our enemies from the shaded lands will not relent. They will continue to hunt us down if they find us. We cannot implicate you like that."

Lex began to chuckle.

"Don't worry, the Midnight Inn is a place where everyone has to behave, no matter where they are from. Even the Tree of Heaven cannot misbehave there, let alone others. You don't need to think about anything else."



Chapter 1053 All affinities

﻿﻿The fairies looked at each other, as if they were stuck in a great quandary. They had not seen the ferocity of the hunters which drove their ancestors into hiding, but they had seen what Lex was capable of doing with their own eyes.

They didn't want to burden him, yet at the same time he was right in stating that they did not plan on staying in the sealed domain, but had nowhere to go.

Lex, who had some experience with fairies now, got the feeling that this was going to drag on so he decided to persuade them a little more.

"Look, I am the one who gave you freedom. That makes me responsible for you. I can't, in good conscience, just leave you here to suffer. At the same time, I have a lot of work I need to do. So I would feel a lot better if you came with me to the Inn. That way you'd be safe as well, at least until you recover enough to venture out on your own if you so wish."

After a bit more prodding, the fairies finally relented. Lex was pleased, but when he asked if there were any other fairy settlements they should visit to check up on, they revealed that there were none. These few fairies were literally the last of their kind.

It was at this time that some of the fairies also proceeded to head into the final chamber, but were unable to find the remaining fairy.

Lex told them that he had passed away without elaborating. Understandably, the news saddened the fairies, but they did not dwell on it for too long, since Lex was waiting for them. They started packing up, preparing to leave.

Lex paid close attention to them, observing the way they used their wings, their body language as they flew, how they utilized their fairy dust, and even how they used their spirit energy. He implemented the changes in real time to his fairy body, and could immediately feel the difference.

One thing that he did notice, however, was that the other fairies did not produce nearly as much fairy dust as he did.

"Hey Leroy," Lex called the armored fairy, since he was the only one he was familiar with, "do you mind if I ask you some questions about fairies? I'm really intrigued by your race and history."

"It would be my honor to answer your questions," said Leroy, who immediately zipped next to Lex.

Truth be told, the sudden completion of his quest and the attainment of freedom left him feeling lost. He didn't know what he was supposed to do now, so this task, even if it was temporary, provided him with great relief.

"How come some of you produce more fairy dust than others? I hope it's not too personal a question."

"Not at all! Actually, the amount of fairy dust produced is directly proportional to how strong a fairy is! You see, the wings of a fairy are perhaps the most important part of a fairy's body, as they act as amplifiers for our control over spirit energy. So when we fly, our wings are not actually flapping through the air, but through the spirit energy around us. The fair dust that is produced are small specks of spiritual energy that are transformed and knocked loose during the process.

"Fairy dust has countless uses besides just allowing us to fly, and share our flying abilities. For example, they can also have healing properties, or even harmful properties. All we need to do is focus on the effect we want the fairy dust to take up, and the change happens on its own. Of course, it requires some practice, but it's more or less instinctual for all fairies."

"It can take on any property you wish? Don't your affinities get in the way?" Lex asked genuinely surprised. From his limited exposure to fairies, their abilities seemed incredibly powerful. He couldn't imagine how such a race could be defeated so easily. Maybe they just weren't combat oriented at all.

"Affinity? No, fairies don't have any affinities. Or rather, fairies have all affinities. Maybe. I don't know, I've never tried. But at least I've never encountered a situation where I've been unable to create any properties that I wanted."𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Lex's slight smile froze. They had all affinities? They could create whatever they wanted?

Fairy Lex parked his ship on top of another tree that had been uprooted. This was too ridiculous. This was too overpowered. This couldn't be possible.

Yet his gut was telling him that Leroy wasn't lying. At least, he genuinely believed whatever he was telling Lex.

The problem was… if such a thing were true, Lex's imagination could not stretch far enough to even begin to consider how powerful just this ability alone was. Perhaps the reason fairies were cursed so long ago was because they were just too powerful, or at least had the potential to become too powerful.

Fair Lex closed his eyes and imagined something absurd - since he was testing the limits of fairy dust, there was no point in doing something simple. He imagined fairy dust that would allow a material to grow, by absorbing other, similar things, then began to flap his wings.

Maybe this was an unusual request, but he needed to test it out. After all, if fairy dust could do something that he just learned was extremely complicated, such as healing, there was no reason it couldn't do other complicated things.

When he opened his eyes, he saw the fairy dust falling on his ship. He covered all of it with his spirit sense, and began scrutinizing it. For a long time, nothing happened, but he kept on going.

Nearly an hour later, Lex noticed something happening, though it wasn't his ship that was changing. Since all his focus was on the ship, he hadn't even noticed that the tree it was sitting on began to shrink a while ago. Only now, that a significant difference had been made, did he finally notice.



Chapter 1054 It will probably be fine

﻿﻿The tree trunk had shrunk by about half a foot. There were no creatures eating the wood nor was there any fire nearby burning it, nor was there anything else in the vicinity that could reduce its size. That only left the ship. The ship was absorbing the wood from the tree to strengthen its hull.

Though the speed of absorption was slow, Lex had no benchmark to compare it with. For all he knew, this speed might as well be earth shattering!

But more than anything else, the versatility of fairies impressed him. He had thought earlier on that their ability to manipulate laws was already mind blowing. But what if that ability was just a side effect of their overpowered affinity for everything.

But Lex had seen countless fairies, he was sure. Even if they were being targeted because of their curse, how was it possible that he had never encountered a single one that powerful? Was there some kind of limit on their growth? Or was there some other issue?

Lex could not help but turn to Leroy. He wanted to ask him, but this whole realm was limited to the realm of Nascent soul, so it was unlikely he knew the answer.

"Pel, is there any particular reason why fairies don't grow stronger? Like, does the curse prevent them from becoming immortals? Because no matter how I think about it, their ability to have any affinity they want is too overpowered. They can even mix them in unusual ways just based on what they want. How is it possible that they can be so easily enslaved?"

"I'm not sure. I never really paid too much attention to fairies in my previous life. After all, they were just insignificant slaves. But from my limited exposure to them, all I can say is that they have a very submissive and servile nature. Even if they become powerful, if they themselves are mentally weak, then that power is as good as useless."

Lex frowned. This was an unusual situation, but Lex was almost certain that there was more to it than what he knew. But that was fine. Since he had a fairy clone now, this was one mystery he would enjoy uncovering.

He decided to continue absorbing the tree into his ship, and all the while thought of other ways in which he could test out his fairy dust. The subject of the tests would naturally remain the Jolly Rancher. If he could help it, he would turn this seemingly mundane, wooden ship into an over powered vessel that would be able to even travel through realms, as well as the void behind space.

Lex, meanwhile, continued to ask Leroy different questions about how fairies used their abilities. As it turned out, they had very few techniques at all, since they could just naturally do whatever they wanted with spiritual energy directly. All they had to do was imagine.

As such, the few techniques that they did have were all extremely overpowered, and were beyond the realm of what fairies could normally achieve.

Due to the nature of these techniques, they were not recorded in any physical vessels, and were transmitted from fairy to fairy. Earning one required gaining an immense amount of trust.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Once the fairies were all done packing, and by that he meant they somehow minimized and packaged the entire city into a few briefcases that they were carrying around so that they could redeploy it wherever they wanted, they all lined up in front of Lex, ready to be teleported away.

Lex surrounded all of them with his spirit sense, and then took a few seconds to recall the location of where he entered from, before teleporting over. Long distance teleportation required a bit of time to initiate, even for Lex, but soon enough, they found themselves near the wall.

Technically speaking, the boundary wall probably had openings now through which he could exit, but Lex was not in the mood to search, so he went the old fashioned way, and used his Glyph to part the boundary wall as he passed through.

The fairies, who were already in awe of Lex, felt completely and thoroughly convinced at his awesomeness as they experienced his power. Even though they were extremely versatile in what they could do, none of them were powerful enough to replicate anything Lex was doing.

Once they passed through, Lex was expecting to arrive buried under layers and layers of dirt, since the sealed domain had been underground.

He was prepared to blast his way through, since the fairies couldn't really enter soul state - probably. He hadn't asked something like that yet.

But as it turned out, he didn't need to. While the sealed domain underwent massive changes internally, it also brought about changes outside as well. Countless holes had appeared in the ground, going from the sealed domain all the way to the surface, making the region look like a massive wasp nest.

He could not guess what exactly happened to the dirt, rock and everything else that had seemingly disappeared. He was sure it was fine, and that they probably had not been launched into the air like a volcanic eruption, but of dirt instead of lava.

Realistically speaking, the sealed domain was bound to be discovered sooner or later, now that there was direct access to it from the ground. But there probably wouldn't be any problems.

Eh, his fairy clone was still inside so if the domain was invaded or something he would find out, and would do something about it. Maybe.

On the plus side, he now confirmed that he was still connected to his clone even through the barrier of the domain.

He began teleporting back towards the Inn. Once he was back, Lex would relax until the resin was absorbed and see how much of a difference that made. In the meantime, he would begin marking down the other locations for the resin that he knew of.

Finding them would be another task altogether.



Chapter 1055 Vera never fails

﻿﻿"Welcome to the Midnight Inn," Lex said to the weathered fairies behind him as they teleported to the Midnight manor. Considering the fact that almost every place in this realm had the same level of purity to its spirit energy and air quality, the first impression wasn't overwhelming. But that is not what the fairies cared about anyway.

They were immediately impacted by the warm, welcoming environment and the countless smiling faces. The presence of so many humans made them uncomfortable, but they sensed no hostility, and no one seemed to pay special attention to them, which actually put them at ease.

Lex had planned to give them all a tour, but he was surprised to find that Vera had been pacing right in front of the manor impatiently. The moment he appeared, a massive grin appeared on her face and the oracle approached him at full speed.

"I have something for you!" she said with greater enthusiasm and excitement than Lex had ever seen her express. "Hurry and get free, I've already been waiting for you for hours!"

How many hours had she been waiting? If Lex were a betting man, he'd guess around the exact amount of time since he awoke his physique completely.

He nodded, fully aware that the oracle had helped him too many times for him to ignore her. Although divination was not supposed to necessarily be completely accurate, she had been a very reliable partner for him any time she offered her services.

"My friends, welcome to the Midnight Inn. I would have liked to take you on a tour personally, but duty beckons. I will leave you with one of our other staff members, and make sure your lodgings are taken care of. Feel free to explore after that. If you feel like you're beginning to like the Inn and want to stay here permanently, let me know and I'll put in a good word for you and try to get you hired. If you want to move on, then you can do that as well."

"Please, do not be delayed on our behalf, great savior!" one of the fairies said, before proceeding into a deep bow. Lex nodded, then found a worker at the manor and explained the situation, before making his way back to Vera who was so excited it seemed like she had won the lottery.

"What's gotten into you?" Lex couldn't help but ask.

"You have no idea! Oh Lex, if I didn't already have a husband picked out for me in the future, I'd kiss you! You're like my lucky star! I don't know what you did, but the trajectory of my entire life changed a few hours ago! Come, follow me, quickly!"

Without explaining, the girl broke into a sprint, barely keeping her laughter contained. She had a golf cart parked nearby, and jumped into the driver's seat.

"You know I can just teleport us where we need to go, right?" Lex asked as he sat beside her. "I know, I know, but the timing of these things matter. Don't worry about it. Let me fill you in on the details, I'm sure you're curious about what's happening."

"Gee, I wonder what would make you think that."

Vera just chuckled at his sarcasm, too exhilarated to care.

"I'm going to do something for you, and guess what? I'm not even going to charge you for it! Instead, every time you benefit from what I'm about to do, you just pay me according to how much you think it has helped you. You can completely decide the price on your own, I trust you completely."

Vera was actually jumping in her seat as she talked about payment. Clearly it wasn't trust that was fueling her, but the exact knowledge of what she should expect.

"Every time? You're saying I'm going to benefit from this one thing multiple times?"𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Oh yeah," she said. "I'll let you in on a little secret. My prophecies change, and they're not always accurate, so I can't say for certain how many times you will use it. For example, a few hours ago, something happened which changed the trajectory of my entire life! Do you know what that means? It means every prophecy I've ever had about my own life was overridden by whatever triggered this change.

"This is actually quite common. After all, at my level, I cannot get in touch with the greater secrets of the universe. That means, I am completely incapable of predicting the effects of anything above a certain level. So technically, another change could happen which proves my current visions false. But in my experience, such changes are not common. This is definitely going to help you, and you're definitely going to pay me really well!"

Lex did not know if she was ordinarily a rash driver, but at the moment Vera drove the cart as if she was completely unaware that brakes even existed, or that she could actually remove her foot from the pedal.

"So are you going to tell me what you're about to do?" he could not help but ask, feeling intrigued. He was guessing the change she was talking about was him touching the resin, and its side effects. It only made sense that she could not anticipate him encountering it before. In fact, it would be worrying if she could.

"Just wait for it," she said, and kept driving.

They found themselves moving away from the settlements, and in a while, arriving at one of the many lone small houses Lex had placed around the Inn. This place was completely secluded, and Lex could not see a single other person anywhere, but that didn't stop Vera.

She parked the golf cart and quickly rushed up to the door, before calming down and knocking politely.

The change she underwent was drastic, and intriguing. She suddenly looked like an extremely composed, elegant young lady and completely unlike the excited teenager she was acting like just a minute prior.

The door was opened by a being Lex only knew about, but hadn't seen. It was tall, at about eight feet (2.4 meters) with a body that was partially see-through. There were only bits and pieces of what looked like bones that covered certain areas, though he wasn't sure if they were a part of its body, or they were something similar to clothes.

It had four tentacles instead of legs, and floated in the air. Both its arms looked like a humans, but had strange grooves that made it seem like it could close its fingers to form, not a fist, but another tentacle. Its face, or at least the part where its eyes were, had no distinguishing features and looked completely flat.

The thing did not speak, and neither did Vera. She simply bowed, out of respect, and walked in once it moved out of the way. Lex mimicked her, before following.

He searched his memories about the guests in his Inn, and quickly recalled who had seen. The floating tentacle creature was called Lend, and it had a companion it was staying with. Or, based on the fact that Lend was opening the door, maybe it was the companion.

Inside the home, in the living room, sat a being of another race as well. This one was vaguely humanoid, though its body was extremely thin, and dark blue in color. It had no nose, and instead a majority of its face was occupied by a single, massive eyes.

"Master Haraash, I apologize for arriving without any warning," Vera said, and bowed even more deeply.

"It is fine, child. Since I requested the staff not to share my location with anyone, you were able to find me on your own. Since that is that case, you have earned this audience. Please, take a seat."

"Master Haraash, I come this time not for myself, but for my friend. He requires guidance on an extremely sensitive topic. Naturally, he will pay you for your help."

Lex felt the urge to raise an eyebrow, but resisted. Vera had not failed him yet, so he continued to trust her.

Haraash turned to look at him, and then raised its monobrow in curiosity.

"Your destiny is hidden from me. How curious."

"I try to keep it like that," Lex said politely. "I am not a fan of others looking into my future."

"Master Haraash, that is exactly what my friend is here to learn. If you could guide him on the best ways to hide from karma, destiny, divination and any form of prying, then he will reward you appropriately. I will leave the room, so that I do not add onto the price."

Master Haraash nodded, as if permitting it. Vera bowed once more, and then walked out of the room, leaving them there.

Lex was impressed. He had been looking for ways to hide his physique, and the way dropped into his lap. He should probably start thinking of how he would pay Vera in that case.



Chapter 1056 A few minutes

﻿﻿Vera was a little strange sometimes, but she had proved herself extremely helpful time and time again. Lex would have offered her a job at the Inn, but he suspected that she would have already requested it herself if she saw that in her future.

At the same time, he could not help but turn his attention to her words. She told him that he would pay her multiple times for helping him out this time, which meant that this information would possibly help him out tremendously, and more than once. Based on her level of excitement, he would be paying her pretty vast sums.

He turned his attention to Master Haraash, who was similarly observing him with his one eye. The skinny alien was one of the guests whose cultivation level the system had not been able to tell him. Lex could not recall any other details about him.

It had become somewhat of a habit to keep an overview of all the guests in the Inn, but besides a few essential details, he didn't try to memorize anything more. After all, ordinarily, he could just pull up the system and scan the guest whenever he required. Except now that he had lost the abilities of his suit, and the system interface itself was down during the upgrade.

"Please, allow me to introduce myself. My name is Lex. It is an honor to meet you, Master Haraash."

"Have a seat, child. Let us talk for a bit, get to know one another before we get down to business. I take it that, based on what I could see of that girl, she has not really shared much about me with you."

"We did not get the opportunity to talk in detail about this meeting. She just informed me that it was urgent that I come meet with you."

"She has done well. It is for the best that we naturally get to know one another. Allow me to introduce myself first. My name is Haraash Soshi, and I am a practitioner of divination asceticism. This is a special school of thought that discourages divination and fortune telling of any sort, and tries to cut all ties with destiny. But at the same time, I am not so strict. I believe in allowing things to follow along their natural progression.

"Basically, that means I have removed myself from an environment where I need to practice divination, or interfere in the machinations of fate. But if ever a need arises, I do not shy away from using my skills and knowledge.

"Besides that, I am an avid fan of calligraphy and painting, and it is my dream to be able to capture the essence of an entire world in a single brush stroke. It is for that reason I have entered the Midnight Inn as a spiritual retreat, so that I may practice and hone my skills. Who knew that coming here would allow me to witness the birth of a new world entirely? Sometimes, even fate has a sense of humor."

Haraash spoke in a very mild and relaxed tone, fitting his state as someone relaxing on vacation. He seemed very amicable, which was nice, because Lex could imagine how others might become uncomfortable being stared at by such a massive eye.

"My name is Lex. I grew up in a world without any cultivation at all, and lived as a mortal until I encountered the Midnight Inn. Under the guidance of the Innkeeper and with the resources of the In, I quickly grew.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"But, unlike my coworkers, I have a natural tendency to attract trouble, which is why the Innkeeper encouraged me to face my problems myself without relying on the Inn. That is the only way in which I can fully mature is if I deal with my problems myself.

"So, unless it is official Inn work, or there are extraordinary circumstances, I avoid relying on the Inn to resolve my problems. That has allowed me to gain an edge over my colleagues, but at the same time, it seems my ability to attract trouble is growing faster than my abilities. There are countless beings out there who are hunting me even now, though they may not necessarily know that they are hunting me specifically. There are even more out there who will be even more interesting in capturing me if they learn some of my secrets.

"As a result, I have done my best to ensure I am hard to track through divination. But hard is not the same as impossible, and unfortunately it gets even easier if my enemies are stronger than me, which they often are. That is why I am always on the hunt for better ways to hide my secrets. I imagine that is why Vera brought me to you, for she could tell that I might be about to encounter some danger that is best avoided.

"Besides that, I enjoy traveling to various worlds and realms, taking in the new cultures and environments. Since I grew up without any exposure to cultivation, I find all aspects of it fascinating. I especially enjoy helping those weaker than myself with the new abilities I have gained through cultivation."

Lex tried to present himself in a positive light, which did not mean he lied, but he may have just presented the best aspects of himself truthfully in front of Haraash. At the same time, he presented a logical answer as to why, despite being an Inn worker, he is looking for ways to hide from others on his own rather than just depending on the Inn.

"Handling your own troubles yourself is a remarkable way of growing. It forces you to think and act in ways that you would normally avoid. The wisdom of the Innkeeper is surely manifold, and with time you will encounter countless benefits for listening to him. Your own tenacity should also be admired, for it is not easy or simple to face the many dangers of this world alone.

"I see now how I can help you. What Vera asked of me is the best way I know of to hide from karma and destiny. Her request was too specific, which means that it is a little different from what I understand you need. You can choose for yourself if you wish to follow the path she has selected for you, or you wish for me toobjectively decide how I can help you. Take care that I will not help for free, and a price will be collected for each. I will also only help you once, so choose carefully."

"Master Haraash, Vera has known me for a long time, and has helped me countless times through numerous troubles. I have come to trust her judgment through personal experience. If she thinks that I need something very specific from you, then I trust her. Please, let me know what payment you seek. I will do my best to fulfill your needs."

"Very decisive, and trusting. Those are good qualities you have nurtured, young man. Unfortunately, I cannot give you a discount just because I appreciate you. The information I have is extremely valuable, and offers the opportunity to hide completely and totally from the fetters of fate and karma. As such, the price is equally valuable.

"Fortunately for you, the information only leads to a chance at success, and even those chances are miniscule, which will greatly reduce the price. Of course, it is at the same time unfortunate for you as well, for it will be very difficult to actually achieve those results.

"To receive this information, you must deliver to me 100 drops of divine elixir, a drop of blood essence from the heart of a living dragon, a bottle of fairy dust attuned for rebirth and three drops of pure Mountain milk."

Haraash became silent after stating his request, to give time for Lex to come to terms with the grand task he had laid before him. He believed that, eventually, he would be able to pay this price, but it would take many thousands of years of effort. That was fine, for things that came too easily were often under-

"Can you give me a few minutes, I'll bring everything here now," Lex said, before teleporting away. He did not know if this was some kind of bizarre coincidence, or if Haraash knew that Lex could literally pay with these things right now. Either way, the longest it would take him to get any of those items was the fairy dust, since he had to teleport back to the sealed domain.

Meanwhile, fairy Lex, who was still strengthening his ship paused for a while to begin collecting the specific dust. But… how could he collect fairy dust? It was absorbed by everything it touched. He would need to consult the other fairies.

Haraash, who was prepared to give Lex some philosophical lectures about the value of persistence and determination in the face of seemingly impossible goals, froze. Did he say a few minutes?



Chapter 1057 Jackpot

﻿﻿The first thing Lex did was teleport to Leroy. The fairies were still around the Manor, and had actually moved towards the lake. They had never seen such a large body of water, and its soothing waves and clear waters attracted their weary minds.

They had been prepared to begin their lives on the run, and a part of them still felt like they could not stay at the Inn for too long. But the land was too beautiful, the waters too calming, the people too welcoming, which was already eroding their weakened will power.

Lex's sudden arrival startled the group, but he only waved at them, and hurried to turn to Leroy.

"I have a small favor to ask you. Do you know how I can store fairy dust? Does it require some special material?"

"Fairy dust, like I've told you, is something similar to partially solidified spiritual energy. As soon as it touches something, it is absorbed into it. But storing it is also pretty simple. You either need material which is completely saturated with spiritual energy, and cannot absorb anymore.

"High quality spirit crystals can be used for this purpose, but they cannot be used to store fairy dust for long periods, as they will eventually lose their energy if they do not remain in a high energy concentration area. The second is a material that is completely inert, and cannot absorb spiritual energy at all. That is much harder to find, but is better for long term storage.

"Do you need some fairy dust? You can just say the word, and we will do what we can."

"Not for now, but if I need your help I'll let you know," responded Lex, before teleporting away once more.

He did not need to store fairy dust for long anyway, so he would just make do with making a bottle out of spirit crystal. There was a small issue. Haraash did not mention how big he wanted the bottle to be. Considering that this was supposed to be rare, he assumed it was not too big.

After that, it was just a matter of teleporting everywhere he needed. All the ingredients were pretty simple to gather, and he decided to grab an extra drop of Mountain milk for Vera as well. The fairy dust proved a small obstacle, mostly because Lex didn't know how to judge if what he was making was good enough.

He focused and did his best. If it wasn't good enough, he could just make more. It wasn't as if he was losing anything, since it was free to make.

That is where Lex was suffering from a misconception. Fairies would feel physical exhaustion after making complicated fairy dust, which when accompanied by their weak bodies, meant they could only produce so much at a time. But the first thing Lex did when he got a fairy body was strengthen it, which is why his ability to produce fairy dust was far beyond the others.

True to his word, about four minutes after he left, Lex reappeared in Haraash's room.

"Please check if everything is up to standard. The fairy dust was a little hard, but if it's not good enough I'll see what I can do about it."

Haraash, and even his assistant Lend, were frozen in shock at the times displayed in front of them. Each item radiated its own unique power, which was more than enough to identify their authenticity. More importantly, they were incredibly fresh, as if they had been just harvested moments earlier.

"To be clear, did you get these yourself? I must emphasize that the relevance of the instructions of the Innkeeper go beyond just what you know. Doing a thing yourself, and having it done for you are very different things. I don't want you to think that I will withhold information from you - not at all. But your success in implementing that very information will be stained by debt you will owe if you did not pay for it yourself.

"In normal, mortal levels, such things matter little which is why you may never have noticed their effects. But in the Immortal levels, every action is stained by karma. That should not matter to you now, except that the knowledge you are about to attain is at the immortal level."

"Oh, don't you worry about that," Lex said as he sat down in front of him. "Everything here I sourced, obtained and then harvested myself. Well, for the divine essence I used an Inn facility, since it's really a part of the Inn now, but I was the one who gave the object producing the essence to the Inn in the first place, so I think it shouldn't matter. This should also give you an understanding of the kind of trouble I attract."

Haraash looked from him down to the blood essence of a dragon. He could tell it was extremely fresh, harvested mere minutes ago, and that it belonged to a Heavenly Immortal level dragon. How could Lex even harm such a being? Was he even able to cut through its body to reach its heart, or did the dragon donate it itself?

Lex was not about to reveal that he just entered the dragon's body using his soul state, apologizing to Pel. Jr. as he did so, and gathered the blood.

Haraash looked at Lex, then back at the dragon's blood. Then back at Lex, then down at the Mountain milk, then at the bottle made from a spirit crystal so pure that even immortals could use it, then back at Lex.

"Sit child, sit," Haraash suddenly said, putting all the items away. "Clearly you are in great need of this information, lest someone squish you one day. But the price has been paid, so you can only get what you paid for. The method I will teach you has the possibility of completely cutting off all ties of fate, karma and such. That means if anyone wants to track you, they will have to use some other method, which is far from simple.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"But there is a drawback. This method is not strictly mobile, and cannot be on your person. It will require you to choose a place which will then be sealed off. The area does not have to be small, so you can potentially create a base or a proper home there. I thought that this might not best fit your needs, since if you ever need to escape you can always retreat to the Inn, and that is essentially what that place will become. A refuge to where you can escape, unless you mean to start living there perpetually."

Lex frowned for a moment. Indeed, that is not what he had imagined. But at the same time, he could think of more than a few reasons why such a thing might be useful. More importantly, although Vera might not know what problems he might face in the future, she foresaw him paying her multiple times for this!

That meant that he really might end up needing a place to hide, besides the Inn! The insinuations for that weren't good, if he was being honest. Why would he ever need to hide elsewhere, when he can retreat to the Inn? Once it was in working condition, he could teleport to it from anywhere in the universe.

Surely any refuge he created himself would not allow him the same convenience. The thought was… troubling. But he would think more about it at a later time. For now, he turned his attention to Master Haraash, his expression much more serious than it had been before.

"Since the Innkeeper has asked me to rely on my own abilities, then I must have the mental fortitude not to use the Inn as my last form of defense. Even if it never happens, I need to at least prepare a safe place for myself with the intention of relying on it. Please, enlighten me about how I can go about building this protective layer. I assume it will require a lot of work."

"You have no idea young man. The requirements to build it are far from simple. Just picking out the right location, the first hurdle, has defeated most who sought to build this. Give me your hand and close your eyes. I will begin transmitting all the information to you. This will take quite some time, so I hope you have nothing urgent coming up."

"Nothing that can't wait a bit," said Lex as he closed his eyes and prepared himself.

Haraash began transmitting some information to Lex, but before he even began to teach him just the requirements of this protective barrier, he had a lot of prerequisite knowledge he needed to teach Lex.

On the bright side, Lex was receiving a crash course on many complicated topics. Since he had been so interested in learning new things lately, he had hit the jackpot.



Chapter 1058 Cruising through the lands

﻿1058  Cruising through the lands

It almost felt like from the moment he had arrived at the Midnight realm, Lex was being inundated by information. It was not the worst fate to suffer in the world. But it did keep him humble. After all, with his recent level up into the Nascent realm, he felt like his mind had grown tremendously.

He harbored no excessive pride about it. After all, to him it was just a fact. So then being continuously put in situations where his new level up, which was beyond anything he had ever experienced before, was repeatedly proven to be insufficient was a nice way of reminding him that there were stronger beings than him in the universe.

He honestly preferred such humbling methods to being chased across the forest by wolves, or running into random beings so powerful he did not even understand the scale of their power.

He also learned that, when such a situation occurred, a part of his mind automatically shielded itself just enough to keep his fairy clone operating normally. Otherwise, it too would have been dropped into a stunned state.

Since he did not know what to expect, he had his clone park the Jolly Rancher, but now it seemed unnecessary. So, while baby Lex was suffering from a massive information dump, fairy Lex flapped his wings and brought his ship back into the air.

He hadn't absorbed the entire tree into his ship, but the Jolly Rancher was strong enough as it was, and he felt bored. Instead of sitting around, which his other half was doing, he wanted to explore, so that's exactly what he did.

The Jolly Rancher was only two feet (60 cm) in length, so in the Midnight realm, it was absolutely tiny, and unnoticeable as it flew through the skies.

For the first day, Lex just enjoyed flying through the wilderness, watching nature and the natural order from his ship up in the air, but on the second day, he decided to get closer.

He had reached a grassland now, with grass that rose at nearly five feet (1.5 meters) high, so he brought the ship to just above the grass, giving the illusion that it was sailing through the field of green.

A natural consequence of coming down was that he attracted the attention of the local wildlife. A leopard which had been using the grass as cover leaped out of it with speed that should have been beyond his level, and tried to take the ship down.

Naturally, it failed. Although fairy Lex was not physically strong, its control over spiritual energy had grown tremendously. Moreover, he did not need techniques. He just had to think about how he wanted to use the energy for.

So, he just conjured large hands in the air, scooped the leopard, and then flung it far across the grasslands. Hopefully, it would learn its lesson.

A few other animals attacked the ship, but for the most part, Lex took on the role of an observer. He felt like he was in an African safari as he watched the various animals interacting with each other, whether it was hunting one another or cooperating to resolve certain issues.

He also came across a tribe of garden gnomes. It felt strange coming from a fairy, but their small stature made them seem incredibly cute, which when paired with the fact that their voices were either exceptionally deep or incredibly high pitched, made for quite the sight.

They were fierce warriors, despite all appearances, and were in the midst of a war with their age-old nemesis, the sentient strawberries.

The battlefield was brutal and covered in red, blood indistinguishable from strawberry juice, which Lex supposed was also just blood in this context.

He stopped for a time in their village, discovering that they were quite hospitable to anything that wasn't a berry. They were just as intrigued by him as he was by them, which is why he decided to spend a day with them.

It had been a really long time since Lex just sat around and chilled with a group of friends, which is exactly what it felt like as he quickly gained the friendship of the gnomes.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

They shared drinks, and as Lex chugged a mint margarita from a glass as big as his body, they exchanged stories of the various fights and desperate situations they had been in.

For some reason, watching the sparkle and wonder in their eyes, Lex almost felt like it was worth constantly suffering from exploding volcanoes just for the stories.

The gnomes, too, shared epic tales of surviving the fiercest gauntlet in the lands, the fruit salad. Despite its oddly appealing name, it was anything but fresh and refreshing. It was a naturally formed prison, which happened to also be where the strawberry tribes were. Apparently, there were other, more ferocious champions there as well.

But while it obviously screamed of danger, it was also the location of the Pink Loch, which was a lake formed of some liquid which had incredible properties, and helped with gnomish cultivation.

After spending a day with the gnomes, even though Lex felt a slight urge to stay longer, he decided to move on. There was still much to see.

He moved on from the grasslands, and arrived at a biome that he felt was unique. There was a river snaking the land, but then suddenly started flowing upwards into the air, without dispersing. Strange trees grew under the river that flowed through the air, and Lex noticed that the gently flowing waters actually contained submarines!

They were not made of metal, or technology. Instead, it seemed like a combination of dirt and bark mixed together to form long vessels which flowed in the water, following its randomly veering path.

A quick scan revealed that inside the submarines were actually termites, who were lying dormant as they traveled.

It was strange that they were ignoring the trees down below, and instead traveling through the river that constantly changed its path as it wished, so Lex actually brought his ship down from the river to investigate.

A chill went through his body as he neared the trees, and he suddenly realized that the trees were not actually there. Instead, they were just images, or illusions of trees. It was like a memory of what once existed here.

Lex investigated the images some more with his spirit sense and then discovered something interesting. These weren't strictly images, they were ghosts!

He was not sure if each individual tree was a ghost, or this was just one massive ghost of a forest that once existed, but he could tell that the trees here had suffered a tremendous slaughter, and left behind such a resentment, that even the flowing waters refused to flow through the lands.

Lex wondered if it was the termites that did the slaughtering, or something else. But there was no answer for him there. No matter how he searched, he could learn nothing more, so eventually, he was forced to move on.

That's when he first encountered a region of total darkness. It wasn't that there weren't any burning orbs in the sky, there were, but the light from them could not enter the region. It was as if there was a blanket around it that blocked out specifically just the light from those orbs and nothing else.

Naturally, Lex had to investigate. The Jolly Rancher flew directly into the darkness, unimpeded as it went. The dark region was not devoid of life, and instead, featured a rich ecosystem with a completely diverse set of creatures.

There were insects, birds, animals and other things that all thrived in the darkness. Among them all, surprisingly, Lex found a human settlement! It was illuminated by torches, and gave off a cozy vibe, rather than the dreary one Lex would have expected.

It was strange for them to choose to live in the darkness, though. Naturally, his ever present curiosity meant that Lex wanted to investigate, but this time he would have to be more discrete. He parked the Jolly Rancher in a natural cave that he discovered, then walked out. One problem with being a fairy was that it wasn't discrete. His fairy dust glowed very visibly in the dark, so if he were to fly he would be spotted immediately. Yet if he walked, he wouldn't get far. It also wasn't conducive to staying hidden.

So Lex naturally concluded that the first order of business was to get a mount, and he had spotted a particular creature on the way that would be perfect for the job. Carefully, and quietly, Lex snuck through the darkness until he reached a forest.

Lex didn't question how the trees grew without light. Instead, he just searched the branches for the mount he had selected, and then quickly found one.

There, nestled on one of the branches, stood a baby owl, its wide eyes searching the forest for prey. It was the perfect size to serve as fairy Lex's mount, so he began to climb the tree, doing his best not to get spotted as he approached.



Chapter 1059 Shadow plane

﻿﻿The baby owl's body was only slightly larger than Lex's own, but that did not mean it was not a good fit. Its body carried a hidden strength that had been tucked in, to keep it from detection while it searched for enemies. But that could not hide it from Lex, who was beginning to gain a lot of experience in such things.

Even without the need for spirit sense, Lex could tell, based solely on its lush plumage and the way that energy flowed around it, how tough and durable it was. It did not move much, as it tried to remain still and blend into the darkness, but its massive eyes revealed its inner shrewdness.

No, the minor size difference would not deter it from being a good mount. Taming it, though, might be a small issue. Long ago, Lex had learned a taming technique. It was, in fact, the one he used on Fenrir.

But he was not interested in formally taming the owl. Just a temporary agreement would do. If he were in his normal body, he would turn himself into thought, enter the bird's mind, and communicate with it. But in his fairy body, none of that was possible. It was really strange, because he did not think his abilities were linked to his body, but his soul.

Yet it became an issue, not because of the body, but because his race had changed. If his clone had been another human, this would not have been a problem.

But, as a fairy, there were other ways in which he could resolve this issue. He walked right up to the owl, remaining undetected, then put his arm around its neck, as if he was talking to any old friend.

The owl jerked, but then froze. In his fairy form there were many things Lex lacked, but that did not eliminate his knowledge. This body did not have Domination, but it did have an aura. Lex, with some knowledge and experience in controlling auras now, used it on the calm and friendly aura that fairies naturally exuded, and added a hint of his power in it.

His fairy body was at the peak of the Foundation realm, but that did not change the fact that his soul was at the Nascent level. Although in his fairy body, it seemed to be in a pseudo nascent state, it was enough to intimidate anyone.

The owl wanted to react to the sudden hand, but its body would not respond as it was completely restricted by the aura.

Lex flapped his wings, thinking of communication and translation, and allowed the fairy dust to be absorbed by his own body and that of the owls.

The reason the universal translator did not work on animals, and certain beasts such as Fenrir, was because they were not speaking in any language, even if they did communicate. But connecting through souls, something being in the nascent soul realm allowed. Could enable communication between any two things with souls.

"How are you doing, friend? I hope I'm not interrupting anything too important."

The owl turned its head sideways as it tried to understand what was happening. It looked at Lex, its tiny bird brain trying to grasp the situation.

"I was scouring the abyss for worthy prey, aiming to assist it in fulfilling its role in the food chain," it responded. It was interesting because Lex heard it hoot, but at the same time he also understood what it was trying to say.

"Oh, the cycle of life. Nice. Anyway, listen, I want to go explore that human settlement over there, but when I flap my wings little shiny lights come out, which is very visible, as you can see. I was wondering if you could maybe give me a ride over. Since you're a local, maybe you could also give me a tour. What do you think? I'll find some way to repay your kindness."

The owl paused again, as it tried to process what it had heard. Eventually, it bowed down.

"Assume your place for the journey," the owl said.

Lex smiled. The world really was a wonderful place. All he had to do was ask nicely, and others were willing to help out. He completely ignored the suffocating aura he had just momentarily revealed.

"My name is Lex, by the way. What's yours?" he asked as he swung his legs over, and positioned himself so that his legs would not interfere with the wings.

"The designation allocated to me is Ollie Hoots IV, Marquis of Dundland. It is a pleasure to be of service, your majesty."

The owl spread its wings, and paused for the briefest of moments, as if to display their grandeur, before it flapped and took to the air.

Lex was pleasantly surprised at the owls speed, not to mention how smoothe the actual ride was!

"I did not know owls had noble families," Lex commented, even as he surveyed the darkened lands. "Is your estate nearby?"

"Mundane avifauna lack the necessary faculties to coalesce, however we Shadow Talons are of a higher breed," the owl said with great pride in its voice. As if to add emphasis to its words, Ollie suddenly pulled a maneuver, turning upside down before straightening back up, all without losing momentum or giving Lex the opportunity to fall off its back.

"That's quite interesting," Lex commented, as he began to imagine a country of owls. It presented quite an adorable image.

"My estate is nearby, however I have been dispatched by the patriarch of my household to oversee a raid against some nearby abominations."

"Oh, I hope I am not disturbing your plans. That sounds important."

"The deed is already complete. Our former foes no longer know the plight of living. With no other obligation to bind me, I am free to show you the monuments of this settlement."

Lex was beginning to get very impressed by this owl, until he realized that to the owl, the trees in the city were the monuments. It flew to each and every park, and took some time to describe the history and relevance of each tree, as if it had everything memorized.

While that was interesting as well, especially since the trees had apparently been the sites of a colossal war between the great horde of undead insects and the black doves, he was more interested in the people themselves.

Up close, he finally saw them, and realized the skin color of these humans was unexpected. They had ashen skin, with their pupils shining white in the dark. To be honest, Lex felt like he was at a comic convention because they looked more like they were undead than living humans, but nothing about their auras suggested anything was amiss.

Their glowing eyes did not seem to grant them dark vision, as they usually all carried lanterns with them.

Besides their unusual skin color, nothing seemed out of the ordinary, so Lex turned his attention from the settlement to the owls' estate, and asked Ollie if it could give him a tour of its home.

The owl seemed almost too eager to agree, and just as Lex was preparing himself for a small journey, Ollie did something strange. It turned and twisted inside space itself, suddenly transporting them to an entirely different plane.

For a moment, Lex was extremely disoriented, but a single flap of his fairy wings was all it took for him to gather himself back up.

He looked around and discovered that his eyes were useless here. He was in pure darkness. Or rather, everything was just colored black.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Welcome to the dominion of the Shadow Talons, the Shadow plane," said Ollie, though it had no voice. The words just sort of came into existence as smaller shadows which were then absorbed by Lex's body, allowing him to understand.

"From here, our rule extends to every corner and dark domain of the realm. The mighty Shadow Talon dynasty will become the ultimate ruler of the lands."

Then Lex saw… no saw was the wrong word. He somehow became aware of the countless shadows that existed around him.

For as far he could sense, and far beyond that even, a massive military compound seemed to stretch out. Millions and millions of owls moved about, each of them moving with the discipline and focus of a well trained army. Weapons and vehicles littered the shadows, and from each of them reeked an aura of blood… or a bloody shadow, if that made sense.

For the first time, Lex suddenly became aware of this massive army that was hiding in every single shadow that existed in the entire Midnight realm, and he could not wrap his head around how an entire dynasty could exist connected solely by shadows. And yet, somehow, here it was, and of course, he just stumbled into it.

Then Lex something dangerous in the distance. A shadow suddenly approached them, and it had an aura similar to his own. This shadow was at the nascent realm.



