Chapter 930 Angry student





?"Don't break it," Lex instructed as he looked up at the giant wolf. Even if he were in his usual size he would find Fenrir massive right now, let alone in his baby state.

Lex leaned against one of Fenrir's legs and summoned one of his many immortal level missiles, letting it sit amongst the rubble. Letting out a sigh, he gently sat on top of it, nearly wincing as he sat.

Why was it that pain was so much easier to ignore in a fight, but as soon as it was over, it was almost unignorable?

The pup, similarly wounded, shrunk his size down and lay his head in Lex's lap, though he never loosened his teeth at all. He needed only to increase his force by a fraction, and his teeth would tear through the feather. His instincts were practically begging him to do so. But since Lex had asked to wait, he would wait.

Their blood slowly dripped from their bodies and fell onto the missile. A few drops had to accumulate before they began to slide down that as well.

Lex observed the feather with his left eye, trying to understand how Ra had used it. For a very long time, Lex had been looking for ways to make clones of himself. How cool would that be?

But every technique he discovered came with massive drawbacks. It was never worth it. He wondered if Ra's technique was any better.

"You know, I don't really appreciate being lied to," Lex said out loud, though his gaze never left the feather.

"When did I lie to you?" asked Cassandra, her projection appearing in front of him.

"'Oh I am the strongest human alive, but I can't beat this half dead eagle stealing energy to survive'" Lex mimicked her poorly. Perhaps the age of his body was making him slightly immature. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Even if that were true, and come on, it's really not, Ra was leaking energy at a rapid pace. All you needed to do was block the energy he was stealing, and he'd die in a couple of days."

Lex paused to see if she was going to provide any justification. When she didn't, he continued his list.

"There's also no way you didn't know he had fallen, but I'll ignore that one since you at least taught me about corrupt divinity. The thing that really peeves me, the one that really gets to me though, is the attempt at emotional manipulation. And when that didn't work, or at least didn't elicit much of a response from me, you shifted the danger from the Origin realm to me directly.

"Like I get that by stating the entire Origin realm is at risk, you wanted to motivate me to fight Ra. Honestly I was going to fight Ra anyway, but when I didn't make a sweeping declaration to die fighting for the sake of the realm, you trained me, and then said it's too late, you have the aura of the temple on you now. You're in danger too. Almost like it did not occur to you that I would also become a target if I underwent your training beforehand."

Lex was even skeptical of the system providing him benefits, so how could he not doubt others? The only difference was, he did not so blatantly fight against Mateo and Cassandra as he had with the system because he still needed something from them - the training. Also, just in case he was wrong about them being able to fight Ra on their own, then at least until that point they needed him as well, so he would be safe.

But now finally they had arrived at the crossroad, and Lex could no longer afford to pretend to be stupid. In case they had ulterior motives, should he not protect himself first then he would be at their mercy.

He really liked the idea that this temple was the perfect place for him to secretly train his employees, but he could not send them to the temple if there was any doubt about it at all.

"Given your young age, I just thought you were just naive," Cassandra said casually. "Most people who lack experience more or less believe whatever they hear. People with experience often drop their guard after experiencing some benefits, and begin to doubt their own original suspicions instead. I'm glad to see you're not so foolish. Let's talk a bit, but first, let me take care of this."

She waved her hand, and an imperceptibly thin shield appeared around the missile, isolating it from the rest of them. Even Lex could not detect the shield, but he could tell that he had lost contact with the missile.

She also summoned the projection of a chair and a table, before taking a seat. Cups and plates appeared on the table, filled with various foods. Cassandra only grabbed what looked like a tea cup and took a sip before continuing.

"Help yourself to something if you need it. I feel like this is going to be a long talk. Let's begin with your fight with the little bird. Your performance was not bad. Clearly you have been hiding the extent of your skill, as you performed a lot better than projected. You also got a little lucky, because you inadvertently protected yourself from the deities schemes. Instead of giving you all the answers, let's do a question and answer session to see how much you picked up. Do you know what the deities' goal was?"

Lex got up from his missile and stepped up to the table. But instead of pulling out a chair, he summoned another missile and took a seat. Cassandra was not the only one who could make a silent statement!

Cassandra clicked her tongue and isolated the new missile again. These things weren't toys to be left around like that! This student of hers really had a temper!

"He was definitely planning something, otherwise he would not have used an energy body to distract me for so long. But we figured it out in time, and prevented his plan."

"Wrong, that's not what happened," Cassandra corrected.



Chapter 931 Possession

﻿﻿Before Cassandra could explain what she meant, Lex summoned another missile. This time, he did not sit on it. Instead, he summed an Imperial Shield behind him on which he could lean back, and placed his legs on the third missile.

Of course, by the time Lex placed his feet on it, Cassandra had already isolated it again.

It was more than clear that Lex was extremely dissatisfied with the way he had been manipulated. But instead of being frustrated, Cassandra found his little tantrum amusing. She, of course, knew that his true age was not that of his body. She estimated that he was, at best, a few decades older, though so to her he still really was a child.

The fact that he was showing his dissatisfaction, and complaining, even if his form of complaint was to threaten the temple with a missile containing a Heavenly immortal attack, meant that their relation was not pushed to the point of no return.

Cassandra did not allow the appearance of the missile to pause her explanation.

"The assessment you have given me is the one you formed while you were fighting Ra. If you take a minute to think back, and look at everything that you know now, you may reach a different conclusion. But allow me to skip over your introspection, and bring the correct conclusion directly to your attention. From the very first moment you fought the deity, his intention had not been to kill you, regardless of whatever you may think. After all, the gravest injuries you have on your body were all caused by yourself."

Cassandra paused to see Lex's reaction, but he sat completely unashamed. Blood was dripping down his face from the massive hole where he used to have a right eye, but it had mostly stopped. Even if he did not seek healing from her, within a couple of weeks he'd be back to brand new based on his own regenerative abilities.

"If you think back, the deity claimed that he would never be able to step foot in the Origin realm. Someone had affected the laws of the realm, making them attack him as soon as he revealed himself. Quite an ingenious yet dastardly punishment, that. The deity must have really antagonized the wrong person for something like that to happen.

"Nevertheless, as a result of that, the deity is in hiding, and actively trying to change itself so that the law no longer applies to that. With this information in mind, if you think back to your fight, you will notice that the deity never really tried to seriously harm you. It merely tried to incapacitate or trap you. The reason for that is simple. From the very start, his goal had been to possess you, not kill you!"

Lex raised an eyebrow. The revelation made sense, now that he thought about it looking back, but it hadn't occurred to him at the time.

"When he sent his minions after you, he was just trying to stall you, and infect you with a parasitism enabler - the black goo that you so easily dodged. Time and time again, after that, the deity did not employ its most powerful attacks, but instead tried to hold you still. If Fenrir had not been constantly disrupting his efforts, you may have seen his subsequent preparations while you fought off his attacks.

"That time you were entombed, he nearly even succeeded. But I don't know whether it was out of sheer luck, or perhaps the influence of your prophetic intuition. The Invincible Tyrant mask you wore while entombed blocked the effects of the technique which would allow Ra to possess you.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Of course, even if you had not worn the mask, due to your new bond with Lotus, it would not be so easy to possess you. It would be like possessing an entire planet. You would have been able to escape, eventually."

Lex frowned, his mind quickly recalling the various scenes from the fight. At first, Lex had thought that Ra was a has-been deity who was losing his mind due to the corrupt divinity. But then he later proved that he had been acting to lure Lex into thinking things were going his way. If that were really the case, and Ra had the ability to divine the future, since how long ago had Ra been planning this? Cassandra only guessed this much because she only saw the exchange within the temple, but what about their exchange prior to that?

If Lex looked at things more critically, even back then on that planet where Ra first appeared, capturing him had been easy - too easy! Lex had assumed it was due to being underestimated, and had subsequently used Ra's body to absorb divine energy. He used his own cultivation technique to improve his body using divine energy. Back then, he felt like he was taking advantage of Ra. But, if the same scene was looked at with a different lens, wasn't Lex altering his body and thereby making it the perfect vessel for Ra to possess later on?

He got chills as he reached such a conclusion. He may feel like he had escaped Ra's clutches already, but what if that was also part of his plan? What if he was lowering Lex's guard, and would find a way to possess him at some other point later on?

Lex frowned as his thoughts reached this point, but then he calmed himself down. He was not exactly helpless, and even if a deity wanted to possess him it was not so easy. Even if he ignored all his other numerous benefits, just Dragons Might alone would protect him from that. Then there were his bonds, as well as the system, the sword inside his soul, and so many other things.

He suddenly imagined his soul like a bar where numerous powerful people, entities and phenomena gathered to have a drink.

Pushing away the random thoughts, he turned to look back at Cassandra.

"That's not exactly helping your case, you know," he said, still waiting for the explanation for why she had lied.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.



Chapter 932 Lost my trust

﻿﻿"I genuinely could not have anticipated that the intention of the deity was to possess you," Cassandra explained. "Under normal circumstances, there would be not much to gain, and plenty to lose. But, regardless, due to his intentions, and your many, overwhelming advantages, your encounter with the deity fell short of my expectations. It was quite disappointing actually."

She stated her feelings quite freely, as if uncaring that they might further aggravate Lex. But she didn't keep him stewing either. She quickly continued to the next part, which contained her reasonings.

"As you correctly guessed, it's not a big deal for me, or even Mateo to deal with the intruder. Outside the temple, we have no authority. Inside, nothing can happen that we don't allow."

She paused to look at Lex in the eyes, and then towards the missiles. "Nothing," she repeated as if to emphasize the point.

But instead of getting the message she was trying to convey, Lex just summoned another missile. He was rich and outlandish, what could they do about it?

Cassandra sighed and nearly rubbed her head. Despite her endless patience, she had never worked with a baby before. It was a… novel experience.

"The plan was Mateo's, but when he informed me of it, I agreed wholeheartedly. Regardless of anything else you may or may not believe, there should be no room for you to doubt that the purpose of the temple of fasting is to train humans. It is to help them overcome difficult personal trials - hence the name fasting.

"After your initial assessment of 'exceeds expectations', Mateo devised a plan to train you. That included giving you a strong enemy to overcome, which was naturally the deity, as well as strong motivation to push yourself, which would be the threat to the realm. Only, while you did train diligently, no matter what reason we have you to fight Ra, I never sensed desperation from you. No matter how tough you had it, no matter how much you bled, or how spent you became, I could not sense any desperation from you.

"Normally, that's a bad thing. But sometimes, it can be good as well. Now I'm not claiming that your life has been easy, not at all. But I can tell, you've never faced true desperation. You've never faced… the dire hope that clings to your chest as you wish for something, even knowing it will never come. You have never faced a defeat that stripped you of everything.

"I went along with the plan to train you using Ra because I was hoping to have you go through such a situation in a controlled environment. If you thought that no help would come, and you were overwhelmed, it would be a good growing experience for you. But I've noticed you're too calm. You're always in control of your emotions. It's not easy to elicit such a reaction from you, so I altered the plan a bit and created an emergency situation to unsettle you.

"As things stand, although you did not go through what I wanted, I must admire your ability to stay calm and collected. The reason my guidance has not been as effective as possible is because I've constantly underestimated you, in one way if not another."T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

With that, Cassandra paused once again. She had given him a clear enough answer. The reason she had not been completely forthcoming was because she was treating it as a part of his training. It was so unexpectedly cliche that Lex had not even considered it.

But that did not improve his mood in the slightest. For a few moments, Lex sat in silence as he gathered his thoughts. He was on the verge of a very important decision, and he didn't want to make it in a rush of emotions or be blinded by benefits.

Before he could make any decision, though, he needed to first establish his baseline.

"Cassandra Vans Agnew," Lex said, as he sat up straight and looked her in the eyes, "when you first appeared, you asked my permission before becoming my teacher. I do not know much about you, but if I take things at your word, then you are one of the strongest humans ever. For someone of your level to show any attention towards me at all should be my honor, let alone asking me for my permission.

"I realize that. I am grateful, for your training has helped, and honored that someone of your level would pay attention to me. But, Cassandra, I am neither your subordinate, nor your subject. I did not come to you asking for training, nor have I asked you particularly for anything. Do you know what that means?

"It means that while I appreciate your guidance and help, I am not willing to be manipulated, even if you think it is for my own good, or lied to. I am not willing to compromise on certain things, and I do not owe your temple anything, regardless of your intentions. I only came here to take Z back with me, and you are the ones who delayed it.

"Now I cannot help but think what kind of torture or mistreatment you put him through in the name of 'training' him. What are the lengths you are willing to go to to fulfill your role, despite the will and interest of the person involved? What gives you the right to decide for me or mine what is good or bad?"

Lex could not hide the aggression in his voice, or in his eyes, but he ultimately calmed himself down. Things had not gotten to the point of no return yet, and it was true that he was in their territory. It was not good to push things too far.

"The gist of the matter is, I no longer trust you, so how can you regain my trust? If you cannot, then please take me to Z so we can leave you and your temple to continue to hide from your enemies. We won't continue intruding."

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.



Chapter 933 Realm War





?Not a flicker of emotion appeared on Cassandra's neutral face as she heard Lex complain. Should she say he was too privileged? Or that his backing was so strong that he couldn't appreciate the opportunities he had been given?

Faster than Lex could process, she leaned back in her chair and rubbed her forehead. How long had she been asleep so that Golden core cultivators could just ignore her guidance? Had the realms really progressed that much? She found it hard to believe.

She got up from her chair and paced around, all of this still happening with such a small frame of time that Lex would not be able to tell anything happened at all.

For a moment she considered if she was truly in the wrong. But then just concluded that Lex's situation was unique, which is why he had the option to not tolerate such methods of training. He could afford it.

Was it worth it for her then to humor him? She thought for some time, but then concluded his potential was too great to waste. She sat back down, and slowed down her perception of time back to a normal level.

Lex was staring at her, as if waiting for her to give him an explanation. Truly dealing with babies was a hassle. How had she ever dealt with her own?

"The truth of the matter is, you do still trust the temple. You trust it in your gut, even if you don't want to - even if you don't understand why," said Cassandra as she poured herself another tea.

Unfortunately, she was right. Lex could feel it in his gut - in his very soul. The temple would neer harm him, and he could trust him. That feeling came from his core, but the feeling did not bind his actions. Since he did not understand it, he could choose to ignore it, something he was very much contemplating.

"But the problem is, you don't understand the context of that feeling. You don't understand the purpose of the temple. You don't understand why the temple would even suffer losses, and it has very much suffered losses due to the actions of that deity, just to train you. I can explain it to you, so that you understand. But first, I want to understand you a bit more. It will help with my explanation.

"Despite everything you have personally experienced, despite the investment you have seen, though admittedly you might not even understand the scope of that investment, you never seem impressed by anything the temple offers. If anything, the holistic guidance I give seems to elicit more of?a reaction from you than, say, a resource the value of which suppasses a dozen star systems."

'A resource that suprasses the value of entire star systems?' Lex pondered. That was… worth a whole lot more than what he had accumulated at the Inn. Maybe. Honestly, speaking, he did not know the value of a living Heavenly immortal dragon. It should be more than that, right?

"See, that is exactly the expression you make," Cassandra said. "That expression, as if you are comparing the cost of things. Sometimes, child, even if you have the resources, they cannot replace the type of nurturing and guidance that the temple provides."

"This is not about resources. It is about trust. I already said that I don't doubt that you'll do whatever it takes to train me as long as you think it is worth it, including allowing a crazed deity to run rampant in your temple. But the question is, do 'I' think it's worth it? How do I know that you won't manipulate me further just because you think it'll help me down the line? What's to stop you from locking me in a basement and training me for a thousand years against my will? For all I know, that's exactly what you're doing to Z

"Sure, I have access to some valuable resources. I mean, I use the forehead of a living Heavenly immortal dragon as my cultivation mat. But I don't always have the right resources or the right guidance. I would love for there to be a magical place that trains me and gives me stuff for free without asking for anything in return. But I don't believe such a place exists, and you're not really helping your case."

Cassandra's forehead twitched. Training… on a… did he say living? How is that even helpful? Suddenly, she could understand what Mateo felt when he woke her up.

"Child, what do you know about the universe?"

Lex did not answer, but just kept looking at her as if wondering why she was asking him such a question.

"I truly wonder what kind of place you come from, where you can get so much, but not understand basic things. I take it you are familiar with realms, correct?"

"Yes," responded Lex, hoping that this would eventually lead to a proper answer.

"You already know about the Origin realm. Do you know how many other realms there are in the universe?"

"No, I don't."

"The answer is, it does not matter. What matters is how many 'mature' realms there are in the universe. That is a much more finite number compared to the total number of realms. More importantly, what matters is why there is a difference between mature and non-mature realms.

"You see child, everything in existence has a lifecycle. The life cycle of our universe… is right at the start. Our universe is young, you can say. And like all things young, the universe is growing. That growth allows new realms to be formed, and for them to mature. The Origin realm is an example of a realm that is about to mature. Now Lex, can you tell me what the most valuable resource in the universe is?"

"Mature realms?" Lex guessed, based on the theme of her explanation.

"It makes sense that you would think that, but no. The most valuable resource is time, and it's running out! You see, the universe is approaching the end of its 'youth' or early life phase. Once that happens, the universe will reach an equilibrium. That means the number of mature realms will be fixed, and all other realms, which have not reached full maturity, will be stuck at the level they've reached.

"Now why is this important? I'm going to gloss over a lot of things and get to the point. Technically, you're still too young and low leveled to learn about such things. Heavenly immortal realm would be the ideal realm to get in contact with this stuff, so I'll be brief.

"Although time is running out, that is only on a universal scale. In practice, it means there are billions of years left for this phase to finish. But this phase will not be spent in peace. The most valuable thing about mature realms is their ability to support high level cultivators, and nurture them.

"You see, once the level of a cultivator reaches a certain point, they no longer need mundane resources. Instead, they need a deeper comprehension and mastery of laws. For Dao Lord to grow, entering new realms that have not yet matured, but are nearing maturity,is the most ideal experience. They can 'feel' the new laws being formed, which allows them to gain a deeper understanding of the Dao.

"As for cultivation realms higher, well, it's best if you don't learn about it yet - trust me. But as a result, all mature realms, and realms nearing maturity have been embroiled in a war. Different factions want control over realms that are maturing so that their Dao Lords can grow before the universe's growth period ends, because after that it will become exponentially more difficult.

"Not all realms have the same rate of time flow either, so realms in which time passes more slowly are exceptionally valuable. Now that you understand this much, you should also understand that control over mature realms provides massive benefits to a race. Have you heard of the Cosmic Ascendance Spectrum? If a race gains control over a mature realm, then the benefits of that are felt by every member of that race across the entire universe!

"Which is why those who control important realms don't want to give up control, and those who don't have control want to take it. The human race is also very much embroiled in this war, and in fact very recently lost control over a majority of the realms they controlled, even if they were not mature ones.

"The temple, though it is in hiding for the moment, is very much a strategic resource designed to nurture generations of warriors for the realm war. But due to certain losses, the temple was hidden. There are forces out in the universe acting to bring the temple back, but there are also forces doing their best to ensure it doesn't come back. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"There are too many things that I cannot tell you right now, but I hope you understand. The temple… is for the benefit of all humans, across the entire universe!"



Chapter 934 Enlighten

﻿﻿Baby Lex felt contemplative as he heard Cassandra' explanation. He had learnt a lot of new information that was more relevant to him than she knew, all in the hopes of explaining something that she never said explicitly.

The understanding was that in the fight to control already established mature realms, or maybe gain control of realms nearing maturity, so that the Dao Lords of each race can grow, the Temple of Fasting trained warriors who would go and fight in that war. Or, maybe, the purpose of the temple was to produce Dao Lords to take advantage of the situation?

The progress of this realm could literally affect humans across the universe by giving them a higher position on the Cosmic Ascendance Spectrum. This benefit was far greater than it seemed, and as someone who first hand experienced it, Lex could testify to this. He had managed to raise his personal level, through various means, and it allowed him better control and perception of spiritual energy.

He also believed that it allowed him to do more with the same level of affinity than someone lower on the list would be able to do.

So basically, the purpose of this temple was extremely altruistic if they just wanted to help humans, extremely cruel if they just wanted to pump out cannon fodder, or, most likely, somewhere in between.

What Lex was wondering now, his thoughts already diverted from if he could trust Cassandra, was if his new, upcoming realm would be influenced by this war. Technically it shouldn't, since it would be a new realm, and nowhere near maturity. He needed to know more about this realm war.

"So basically you want me to trust you because your purpose is to train soldiers to die in some war?" he asked, pretending to still be skeptical. "Am I really going to be influenced by the temple's aura? Am I going to be forced to participate in the realm war?

Cassandra snorted.

"Goodness no. The temple has karmic protection. You will not be influenced by its karma, aura or anything of the like at all. As for whether or not you will get pulled into the war, I cannot say. The temple most certainly won't send you off to the war, but your background seems special. How do you know you won't one day get pulled into it anyway? You need to know, the stronger you are, the harder it is for you to avoid such things. Whether you want to or not, you get pulled into camps.

"For example, regardless of your background, as far as the war is concerned, you're already a part of the humanoid camp. That includes all races that are humanoid in nature, such as devils, celestials, elves, dwarfs, gnomes, fairies, angels and more. You'll notice how, individually, these races do not seem to have aligned interests. Devils and Angels, especially, are notorious for their animosities against one another. But, as far as the realm war is concerned, they are all in the same camp, whether they like it or not.

"The lines are already drawn, the camps already made. Too many higher powers are invested in this, and the stakes are too high, so all anyone else can do is try to get every advantage they can. The temple is one of those advantages, saved for a time when the humans are doing slightly better. If it comes out now, it will easily be destroyed, and the loss will be monumental - even greater than the loss of some of the smaller realms."

It was surprising to know that humans and devils were in the same camp. In the Origin realm, humans were used by devils to farm the production of demons. That did not seem like the action of an ally.

Lex also didn't miss the very obvious hint about how valuable the temple could be. He was sorting out his thoughts when he was interrupted by a familiar, all too welcome sound.

New Notification: Temple of Fasting linked(temporary) to the Midnight Inn!

Lex did not let his emotions show, but he was extremely pleased by this notification. The timing of it was perfect. But he was curious why the link was temporary. When he focused on it, he saw more information.

Link status: Linked (temporary). If the temple changes location again, the link will be removed, and will need to be renewed.

He understood. The temple had been revealed once, but then had changed locations to continue hiding. If it performed a similar action again he would lose the link. But what were the chances the temple would be discovered again so soon? Probably not high.

"I don't know about other things, but are you 'certain' that I won't be marked in any way because of the temple?"

"I am certain," Cassandra answered.

It all came down to how much Lex could trust her. If he believed her, then he could start bringing workers from the Inn here to train! It would be an excellent opportunity. But the greater the benefits, the more careful Lex had to be. He wasn't going to make any hasty decisions, at least until he saw Z for himself.

Visibly showing himself relaxing, Lex withdrew one of the missiles, but not all of them yet.

"Do you mind if I ask you some questions?" he asked, his tone and voice much more polite now compared to just a short while ago.

"Go ahead," Cassandra said with a hint of amusement.

"The… organization… that I am a part of is getting ready for something big. They've been preparing for a while now, and soon we will be moving to a brand new realm. By brand new I don't mean new to us, but that the realm is about to be born in a few months. Do you think… will moving there involve us in the realm war in any way?"

"You… you know where a new realm is going to be born?" Cassandra was startled for the first time. When a new realm was born it was filled with the most powerful energies in the universe, as those energies were literally creating a new realm! Not to mention, new laws were being born.

To be clear, the laws of each realm were not the same. What might be a fundamental rule in one realm, for example gravity, may not exist at all in another realm. Time was the only constant in all realms, and even then, the flow of time was not exactly fixed across realms. So when a new realm was born, it was a time wherein its laws were being created! For a Dao Lord, that was even more valuable than experiencing the maturing process of a realm, because at that time they can literally manipulate the laws themselves and the abundant energy of the new realm will automatically fix any mistakes they made!

But it was almost impossible to learn of the location of a realm before it was born. Even the highest powers could not divine it, because they were protected by the laws of the universe itself.

A certain gleam couldn't help pass through Cassandra's eyes.

"If your 'organization' can get access to a newborn realm, is that really something you should be worrying about? Even if there is a realm war, your level is too low to get involved. But since you asked, I'll tell you anyway. The involvement of your organization in the realm war may or may not happen, but it definitely won't be because of a new realm. However, they most certainly will have a war on their hands if they are unable to keep their realm's location a secret. However, I doubt that's something you have to worry about, and is something that has already been prepared for."

Lex rolled his eyes internally. He was the one who would have to do all the preparations, which meant that there were none in place at the moment. The chances the system would help him were about 50-50 as well.

Just as Lex was beginning to consider the precautions he would need to take, Cassandra broke his train of thoughts.

"Lex, do you know how many human Dao Lords there are in the universe?"Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Not many, I'm guessing," he answered slowly. It did not take a genius to tell that Cassandra's interest in his 'organization' had been piqued. He could not help but wonder if that was a good thing.

"I can't say for certain how many there are, but the official number is 0. There are 0 human Dao Lords that are publicly known," she said slowly. "There's always a chance that there are some who are just keeping themselves secret, but, honestly, that is very unlikely. Do you know why?"

"I'm guessing you are about to enlighten me," said Lex.

Cassandra smiled at him, not at all peeved by his attitude. Lex felt a little embarrassed. He did not mean to sound irritated or cocky, but it was not exactly easy to have a casual conversation while suffering from countless holes in your body. It hurt.

"Yes, allow me to enlighten you."



Chapter 935 For profit

﻿﻿"It's very simple, Lex," Cassandra said as she sipped her tea. "Humans are not bottom of the barrel. There are trillions or races below us, not to mention the microscopic realms and all the living entities they contain. But having many races below us does not necessarily make us powerful, either.

"Even when a human reaches the peak of Celestial, they are unable to cross that barrier and become a Dao Lord. After a very detailed and extensive investigation into why, carried out by multiple races that do have recognized Dao Lords, it was concluded that humans cannot comprehend the Dao as well as other races. For them to reach the same level, they would need many times more opportunities than their peers of other races."

Cassandra paused for a moment, as she seemed lost in thought. Lex, on the other hand, was enjoying the crash course that he was getting right up until he felt a strange pressure on his chest.

He could not move, he could not breathe, he was pretty sure even his blood stopped pumping. Oddly, though, it didn't hurt. It didn't even alarm him.

Cassandra waved her hand, and Lex seemed to forget something, and the pressure vanished.

"Yeah, I saw that coming," she said as she looked at Lex apologetically. "For your own safety, Lex, I cannot say too much. But, basically, the human race really needs a boost in their Cosmic Ascendance Spectrum ranking. We've suffered innumerable losses in the war, and if it continues, and we lose our protection, they may even fall from their current ranking. If we-"

"What the 'hell' was that?" Lex asked suddenly, only after he escaped the effects of the pressure on his chest. He had been dying, but he could not react to it at all!

"'That' was the reason you should not learn too much before becoming stronger. The universe was assimilating you. I have protected you for now by removing the information and its associated consequences from your mind. Do not think about it. Do not ask questions about it. In fact, as a rule of thumb, you should avoid all secrets relating to any beings Heavenly immortal and above, just to be safe."

Lex rubbed his eyes as he tried to get his mind around what had just happened. This Innkeeping business was going to get harder and harder. He was going to keep it closed for a few centuries, at least. He just needed to figure out if that could, in any way, keep his new realm hidden as well.

"Lex, I'm going to be up front with you. I want to talk to one of your superiors. If I can visit a newborn realm, even briefly, it will drastically improve my chances of becoming a Dao Lord. It will be a huge boon for humankind, but I won't try to guilt you using the fate of humanity. I'm sure we can come to an agreement."

Lex was not surprised by her request. He more or less expected it. In fact, a part of him even wanted it, which is why he had mentioned everything so openly.

Since he had reluctantly decided to trust her, and the temple, then he now had to consider maximizing his gains. Just training his workers was not enough, the same way just hoping that the Inn and the new realm would never be discovered was not enough. He had to maximize his profits, the same way he had to build a relationship with a peak human cultivator.

Moreover, if she were to become a Dao Lord with the help of the Inn, would that not mean that the Inn would be backed up, or at least have the favor of 'another' Dao Lord? The first supposedly being the Innkeeper.

Pushing aside the fact that he nearly died because of overhearing some celestial gossip, Lex thought about how to handle the situation in the best way possible. There were some questions he could not ask as the Innkeeper, so it was best that he ask them now as Lex so that he would have context later on.

"Just so that I know, how soon after the birth of a realm do you have to enter? Is it immediate, or is it alright if you wait a few years?"

"Typically, when a new realm is born, for many thousands of years, it won't be inhabitable at all. I'm sure your organization will be expediting the process somehow, if you plan on moving in. But even so, the time period I can benefit from will last a while. But the earlier I enter, the better. Since I want to reach the Dao Lord level, I cannot miss out on any advantages I can gather."

"You see, there's a reason I'm asking. Normally, bringing you along would not be an issue. In fact, the 'organization' I work for is called the Midnight Inn. It's an Inn, and anyone can come and spend as much time as they want. But, due to the relocation, sometime ago, the Inn stopped accepting new guests. I cannot say when the doors will be reopened for new guests. But I can bring you the Innkeeper's business card. Through that, you can discuss the details with the Innkeeper himself."

Cassandra did not show any reaction to the name, though she spent some time trying to recall if she knew any powerful entities that associated with the name 'Midnight'. She could not.

"But before we get to that, I need your word that you will no longer manipulate me or anyone from the Inn the way you did me, regardless of whether it's for the sake of training or not."

For some reason, now that he had some kind of leverage with Cassandra, Lex felt a lot better. Dealing with someone who wanted nothing in return was oddly unnerving. It did not sit well with his capitalistic sensibilities. But a powerful and well connected potential business partner, no matter how dangerous, did not unnerve him at all!

"I give you my word," she said curtly. "I will train you all in a straightforward and less efficient manner."

"Great. Now that I have your word, there is something more I would like to discuss with you. The Midnight Inn has many workers who, like myself and Z, could benefit from the training of the temple. I would like to bring them over to train for a time. They will all have to return when we are shifting realms, but perhaps you and the Innkeeper can work out a long-term deal to train its workers. They are mostly human."

"This Innkeeper you mention… he mostly employs humans? What are his affiliations?"𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"I… I don't know what you mean by that, but the Inn does not usually participate in external events. We keep to ourselves, and just host the guests who come to us."

"I will have to discuss the details with the Innkeeper. Even if he has a human affiliation, I cannot reveal the location of the temple."

"You can keep the temple safe. The workers can come here directly without the need for the temple to reveal itself. Besides, having a worker come over and bringing the Innkeeper's business card is the only way you'll be able to speak with him."

Cassandra narrowed her eyes as she thought about what Lex said. The Innkeeper could somehow access the temple even as it was? Was it because of Lex and Z being here? Did that create a risk in their security somehow?

She synchronized her authority with the temple, but she did not feel any instructions to move, or perceive any incoming threats. Interesting.

"In that case, I don't mind. I was going to have you deal with the curse, and another matter as a part of your training as well. But since you want to deal with things more straightforwardly, I'll just skip it."

"Excellent. But I need to see Z first. I have to make sure he is alright before I call anyone else to the temple."

"Sure. Mateo will take you to him now, though, do not disturb him. He is undergoing a very delicate inheritance process. It will be a great loss if he misses this opportunity because of external disturbance. Also, leave the deity's feather here. I'll return it to you, but there is something I need to do first."

Mateo reappeared, ready to lead Lex to Z. With their immediate actions decided, Lex left the feather behind and followed Mateo.

Cassandra did not move even after he left, her gaze fixed on the feather for a long time.

"Will you reveal yourself, or shall I purge you?" she asked, her voice a lot more sinister than when she was speaking to Lex.

Instead of Ra, the deity, another being emerged from the feather, though this being had no physical body. It was the living manifestation of laws which had destroyed BGY-987 with its very existence. In front of Cassandra, it looked like an awkward child who knew they had done something wrong.



Chapter 936 Totally not a villain





?Cassandra was in a conundrum. This little guy in front of her was an absurd mutation and would be extremely valuable to her if she was anywhere near the Dao Lord realm. But she wasn't, and even her suppression over it depended on using the temple's help.

She could not allow it to run free and could not use it herself, and because she was stuck in the temple, could not sell it either. Maybe she could use it in her bargain with the Innkeeper, but that was yet to be seen. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Sleep," she said, her voice filled with echoes of power. The figure attempted to resist, but ultimately could not. The temple was special in that way. The fact that it was used to train humans was a front. Its real value came from the fact that it was essentially a controllable self-contained realm, with all its laws at the whim of its controller.

It was in hiding for so many more reasons than just the realm war, but she could neither speak of it or even think of it. But, while she was within the temple, at least she could make use of the limited authority that had been shared with her.

She turned her attention to the feather that contained the wisp of the deity's consciousness. From what she recalled, he had some kind of issue with the Innkeeper. Peeking into his memories might help her figure out what kind of organization the Midnight Inn really was.

Her eyes began to glow, and the feather seemed to whimper.

*****

Lex was laying on Fenrir's head as they followed Mateo. Instead of heading directly to Z, they were first going to a rejuvenation room, which would allow both of them to heal. Considering the nature of the attacks that caused the wounds to begin with, Mateo recommended they avoid healing via divinity.

"I thought my plan was really good," Mateo said after a very long, awkward silence. In truth, Mateo was the only one feeling awkward. The other two were in too much pain to focus on anything besides.

"It was a good, moral motivator for growth. According to the temple's scans, your disposition is leaning towards good, with only a few strands of chaotic tendencies in it. Considering that Z, your partner, will not wake up for many more months if everything goes well, I thought it was a good use of time."

Lex raised an eyebrow. Was Mateo feeling guilty for how he confronted Cassandra? Well she did say that the original plan was his. Considering how much effort they put into training and guiding him, he guessed it would be mean to leave them feeling as such.

"The plan was good. On anyone else, it might have been even more successful, and it's not like I can't see how I might have benefitted from it if I weren't so skeptical the entire time. But I just hate being lied to. Even if it's for some greater purpose, even if it's for my benefit, it's not your decision to make."

Lex could not help but wonder if those were the words he wanted to say to his parents. But at the moment he could not muster up enough energy to care. He had moved on from that.

"My apologies. The usual humans we used to train back… back in the day didn't care about such things, as long as they got stronger."

They entered the rejuvenation room, which had a massive pond in it, filled with giant lily pads, lotus flowers, and other plants floating atop the water.

"Here, let me help you," Mateo said, as he lifted both Lex and Fenrir up from the ground using some form of telekinesis.

They landed gently on the pads, and Lex felt the leaf gently wrap itself around his body. The feeling it gave him was one of warmth and relief, and did not trigger any claustrophobia despite covering his entire body. Lex closed his one good eye and allowed himself to relax.

"Mateo, now that I've spent so much time here, did you guys figure out what my bloodline is yet?"

Due to the fact that his bloodline was categorized as unknown and mutated, they never trained it in specifically. But the temple was supposed to study it so that they could figure out how to train it.

Lex was not impatient to train with, but he was curious. It was an odd thing to discover there was so much he didn't know about himself.

"Yes, we did. I must say, I was fairly impressed by it. It's not an easy bloodline to use, but it is very, very useful. In fact, it has been categorized as one of the best bloodlines for the human race, just because of its potential benefits. That was all before it underwent mutations, most likely due to your physique.

"Due to its undeveloped nature, I cannot comment on what you can achieve with your mutated bloodline, but we were able to trace the original. I believe it is called Gelid Anima, a name we traced from the very core of the bloodline itself.

"In its inferior states, which is what you might be able to access right now, it can affect your state of mind, making it easier for you to learn new things. It can also affect your body, somewhat, allowing you to tap into greater power. In essence, it allows for a series of passive augmentations.

"But if that were all, it would not be enough to get such a rating from the temple. No, its true awakened state will most likely be unlocked when you enter the immortal realm. At that point, Gelid Anima will allow you to suppress the influence of your emotions, and directly study laws!

"It is a much more versatile version of the ability in your left eye, and its possibilities are endless. It can allow you to learn techniques faster, grow your realm faster, become the best oracle in your realm. Most importantly, it makes up for one of the fundamental weaknesses of humans, which is that they have trouble studying laws to begin with. That in itself is what prevents them from growing their realms once they reach immortality."

Lex was silent for a time. If he understood Mateo correctly, his 'Flowand other states were a result of his bloodline? It made sense. The tangible benefits he received from each state had to be coming from somewhere, and he had not seen other humans do it, so it wasn't as if it was just a human thing.

But his bloodline was so powerful, his ancestor William must be pretty great as well, to have created such an ability. Yet, he was weaker than Jotun.

For some reason, Lex did not care as much as he thought he would. It was just an interesting little tidbit of information to him.

"Can you tell me more about the inheritance Z is getting? What's so special about it? I recall the first time you told me about it. You said he was undergoing an evolution, not getting an inheritance."

"It is more or less the same thing. Your companion was detected to be the descendant of a very prestigious human bloodline, long thought to have gone extinct. In fact, it is a little strange because the bloodline he has is not even the one he should have gotten from his ancestor, but that is also explainable. A more recent ancestor's ability will overwrite a more ancient one.

"While his bloodline cannot be changed or altered in any way, the dominating traits of his original ancestry are being awakened. You are probably aware that humans too have many subraces, right? For example, the Neko or Draco subrace types.

"Well, his original race type is being stimulated, which is why I said he is undergoing an evolution. But such a change cannot happen overnight, and will progress over many decades. For now, the stimulation is already done. What's left is to arm him with the knowledge that comes with his race, as well as some of his original ancestors' heritage. Trust me, this will not harm him in any way. This is probably the best possible path of growth for him that exists."

Lex did not respond immediately. Instead, his mind wondered a few different things. He knew that his workers were all clones, and in fact he could genetically modify them quite a bit, to the point of even choosing their bloodlines.

In that case, chances were that Z was actually a clone of this so-called descendant. What interested him more was the fact that Mateo claimed his line was supposed to have ended. So how did the system have access to it? Was there another cloning system out there, with countless DNA strands from countless races, just waiting to be used? Or was the owner of that system using them for their own purposes?

The oddly sinister nature of this entire thing was the reason Lex distrusted systems so much. Then again, he was the one who kept buying more workers, so he couldn't really complain. Was that immoral? Should he stop?

After a moment of pondering, Lex decided the more moral thing to do was get his own hands on the cloning system, so he knew for a fact that it wasn't being misused. Unlike him, who did his best to provide his workers with the best life possible.

Yes, Lex totally wasn't a villain.



Chapter 937 Overwhelmed

﻿﻿The healing process this time was nowhere nearly as quick as what Lex experienced previously, but at least he was numbed to the pain. At first Lex spent some time conversing with Mateo, but the longer he spent wrapped in this leaf, the drowsier he got. Suspecting that sleep would shortly arrive, he practiced the technique to keep himself from divining anything, and then allowed himself to drift off.

The gentle sounds of the water around him kept him company, lightly rocking the lily pad he was in, and allowed him to fall into an exceptionally deep sleep.

By the time Lex woke up, he felt incredibly refreshed and ready to seize the day, but the leaf had not unwrapped itself. He considered whether he was supposed to open it on his own, but fortunately reached out and asked Mateo first.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Apparently, he was feeling great not because his body had finished healing, but because the leaf had subdued all his pain. The healing process was taking longer this time because the effects of corrupted divine energy were not so easily removed, and to avoid any hidden injuries, they were being extremely thorough.

Lex could have gone back to sleep, but instead he decided to cultivate instead. He had decided to break through to the Nascent realm when the new realm was born, taking advantage of all the rare and potent energies available at the time. For that, he would need to be at the peak of the Golden core realm, and make sure he was in the best condition to move up.

Lex had expected that by cultivating now he may pick up some immunity to corrupted divinity, but instead, his technique started adapting to the lily pads. It started to mimic their conditions as well as its effect and began absorbing them.

But if Lex wanted to completely replicate the effects, he would need to spend months in this environment, but he was satisfied, as is.

He could also feel the growth of his Golden core. Growth was an ironic word to use, since the size of his core shrunk the higher his realm went. He could tell that soon, it would be no bigger than a piece of marble.

Cultivating was, by far, one of the most addictive feelings, and Lex did not miss any opportunity to spend some time doing it. Unfortunately, the healing session was completed before he could reach his limit, so he had to stop prematurely.

"Now, I'll bring you to the observation room. From there, you will be able to sense Z, and even communicate with him. However, I strongly recommend that you only 'observe' and do not distract him."

Lex had received similar warnings enough times to understand that Mateo and even Cassandra highly valued whatever change Z was going through. Lex did not promise anything, however.

He would judge for himself Z's condition before deciding whether to interrupt the process or not. This would be the last determining factor in whether Lex decided to trust the temple or not.

Fenrir was still healing, so Lex let him be as he followed Mateo.

"The reason you have to go to the observation room is because Z is currently in the innermost layer of the temple. You do not have the necessary clearance to go there, and you have no way of getting it either. The tests to move through the layers only get you so far. After reaching a certain level, the only way for you to get access to the more of the temple is to receive an invitation from someone high up in the temple, or to have sufficient achievements.

"Neither Cassandra nor I qualify to give you that information, so there is nothing that can be done about that for the moment. Now, I have to warn you," Mateo said, while stopping right outside a door much larger than any previous ones he had seen in the temple so far.

"Besides Z, there are a few statues in that room. Each statue represents a great figure and contains a lot of history. Be careful when you look at them. Do not be in a rush to observe them with any amount of great scrutiny. It is entirely possible to get hurt if you are overwhelmed.

"The observation room was specifically designed to filter out as much of the influence of the statues as possible, but it can only do so much. People with great comprehension and observation are at a greater risk."

Lex only nodded. He understood that they were trying to impress upon him the importance of this room, and more specifically, of not disturbing Z, but he was only beginning to get exhausted from the repeated warnings.

As if sensing Lex's mood, Mateo stopped talking and finally, but hesitantly, opened the doors.

It almost seems a shame that massive doors of this size came without the usual creaking that Lex would expect from them, or the ominous gusts of wind from the room within. He stood in place and looked at the room through the door, but the observation room itself was not so impressive.

It was a fairly small, rectangular room with three rows of seats, each one at a fair distance from the next. They were all facing a blank wall, which Lex assumed would be used as a projector screen, or perhaps would turn into something like a massive television screen.

He turned to look at Mateo, realizing that the projection was not moving in.

"You're on your own for this. When you enter and get seated, the door will close and the wall will show you what is currently happening within the final temple room. It will become something like a portal, so you'll feel like you're in the room as well. As for what you can expect. Well, I've pretty much told you all there is, and I have a feeling you no longer want to hear about being careful, so there's nothing else. You'll get what I mean when you actually experience it."

Lex swept the room with his spirit sense and took a good, long look at it with his left eye, but discovered nothing of note. With nothing interesting about the room to distract him, Lex went and sat down in the front row and made himself comfortable.

As promised, as soon as he was seated, the doors began to close. Mateo stood in the middle of the frame so that his anxious face was the last thing Lex saw before the doors completely shut. It seemed he was very concerned about this.

Not ignoring his many warnings, Lex disabled the peculiar vision of his left eye, and withdrew his spirit sense as he waited for the wall to transition.

But before the wall changed, a number of formations were activated around the chairs, creating a soft barrier. The formations seemed like they were designed to protect the seated from something.

Now Lex was taking the situation even more seriously. He activated Domination, and instead of spreading it, simply coated his body with it, creating a sort of armor using only aura.

The room underwent a few more changes, though besides a nice smelling incense and some kind of purification, Lex could not determine what they were, before finally the wall Lex was faced towards began to change.

It seemed to become an open window, peering into a massive marble hall. Lex saw nothing else, for he had to close his eyes as a result of feeling sensory overload. It was not painful, but it was reminiscent of the way one would usually turn down the volume in the car while driving through heavy traffic. One's brain could focus only on so much.

Somehow, just being exposed to the air in that room was overwhelming his brain. Listening to the sound of silence in it was nearly driving him crazy. To have his eyes open and actually look at the hall would have rendered him unconscious.

He felt the surrounding formation vibrate as it negated the effects of the hall, and slowly he felt the pressure on himself reduce. He entered his Overdrive state and peeked his eye that he barely opened.

Just that small peek which allowed him to only see the mixed shades of white in the marble floor threatened to overwhelm him again, and so he paused, to allow the formation to activate once more.

The formation vibrated even more fiercely, signaling that it was approaching the limit of its ability.

This unusual oppression was such a strange experience that Lex almost considered beginning to cultivate here. But first he had to sate his curiosity.

Without opening his eye any wider, he carefully looked around the hall. Finding Z was easy. He sat cross-legged with his eyes closed, and appeared long before Lex saw any of the statues.

For a time, Lex observed him closely. He tried to check if he was suffering in any way, or had suffered any harm. But from the look of things, he was fine.

Lex frowned. Visuals could be deceiving. He was not satisfied with just seeing him be fine externally. If Lex was suffering so even while being so thoroughly protected, he could not imagine what Z must be experiencing. He had to somehow learn more.



Chapter 938 Inheritence





?Before attempting to delve deeper with his investigations, Lex first inspected Z's visible condition.

He did not appear to be suffering from any kind of pressure, and instead appeared to be lost deep within his meditations. His brow and jaw were relaxed and not clenched or scrunched, which indicated how at ease he was.

His hair had grown longer, covering his ears, and early signs of facial hair were showing, which was another sign that he seemed to be doing fine.

He was wearing a loose robe, which had clearly been given to him by the temple, but on his feet he wore a familiar pair of bathroom slippers.

Lex felt somewhat relieved upon spotting the slippers, as they may be helping him tolerate the pressure. But the slippers only ignored passive, environmental damage or pressure, so he was not completely sure if they would activate.

After a long while of observing every little detail, from hair luster to fingernail length, Lex was not able to detect any physical anomaly. As far as he could tell, Z was in a healthy state.

But how could he check Z's mental state?

Well technically, due to Mindmeld, Lex had a way. But he would need to, at the very least, touch Z with his spirit sense first. Even ignoring the repeated warnings he'd gotten not to disturb Z, getting his spirit sense to Z without first himself being overwhelmed by the pressure was going to be a difficult task.

Before making any drastic decisions, Lex decided to finish observing the room first.

The room was surprisingly bare, compared to the rest of the temple. But a room filled with so much pressure likely did not need decor to build its ambiance.

With eyes nearly squeezed shut, Lex inspected the remainder of the hall, little by little. The first time one of the statues entered his vision Lex needed to pause. The formation around him could increase its effects no longer, and even entering Overdrive state to boost his brain hardly helped.

But, eventually, Lex found a way. If he took a considerably long time, and only looked at the statue little by little, his brain would be able to eventually handle all the pressure it was being exerted to.

It was a tedious process, but Lex was dedicated. It took him around 2 hours to eventually see the first statue in its full glory.

It was a woman, fully armored, one of her hands resting on the pommel of her sword while the other gripped a shield. Instead of a helmet, she wore a circlet, but something about it told Lex that she remained well protected nonetheless.

The odd thing was, Lex could tell that she was likely very beautiful. But while he had eventually managed to absorb the information about the remainder of the statue, he was never able to completely perceive her face. Every time he tried to focus on her features, he would be hit by a feeling threatening a blackout.

Eventually, he decided to move on and look at the next statue, and then the next. It took him nearly 36 hours just to view a total of eight statues, all of different men and women, and eventually Lex needed to stop. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

He had not finished viewing the statues, or even seen the one Z was sitting in front of. But he had reached his capacity, and could not continue without getting some rest first.

The interesting thing was that each statue seemed to radiate a powerful aura, but none of them were the source of the most suppressive one.

That statue stood in the middle of the room, and Lex was not ready to see it yet.

"That's it, I'm done," he said aloud, and the image in front of him slowly faded, and the wall returned to its former state.

The formation around him deactivated, and Lex immediately slumped. This was one of the rare moments where Lex completely exhausted his mental and spiritual energy.

The door opened, and Mateo appeared once again, still looking anxious.

"So are you satisfied? You did not disturb him did you?"

"I didn't disturb him," Lex said weakly as he stood up. "But I am not satisfied yet. I have not even observed half of the statues in that room yet, and I have no way of knowing Z's mental state. I am going to rest a while before trying again."

Mateo tried to convince Lex that Z was fine, and that he did not need to go through with this, but Lex was adamant. He planned on continuing to observe, right up until he stepped out of the room and saw a frowning Cassandra.

"36 hours with no sleep or food. It seems like I did not impress the importance of these on you yet."

Lex smiled weakly, but could not avoid being dragged to a small meal. It was very light, consisting of a clear soup as well as some salad.

Despite how delicious it was, Lex just wanted to sleep, which he eventually got the opportunity to do, but only after Cassandra made him take a small walk to help with digestion.

He barely practiced the anti-divination technique and dozed off. Lex woke up refreshed, but stopped to have breakfast before he returned to the observation room to continue his efforts.

This routine continued for nearly 10 days until Lex finally saw all 24 statues in the room, besides the one in the center.

Of all the statues, the only one whose appearance Lex was able to observe was the one Z was in front of. It looked remarkably similar to the teenager, only a little more mature.

It was not surprising considering he had been informed that Z was his descendant, but he could not help but hope Z was only receiving an inheritance instead of being used to reincarnate his ancestor.

It was a diabolical thought, and he had no reason to suspect such a thing. But Lex was not naive. It was an entirely possible scenario given how much they valued the ancestor.

Today, he was completely fresh, so he was finally going to attempt observing the last statue. After one last glance at Z, he turned his attention to the middle of the room. He could not avoid the trepidation that filled his heart - it felt as if it was coming from his very soul.

He inched his vision closer and closer, and the nearer he got, the greater the feeling of fear that had taken a hold of him.

Just as Lex was about to glance at the lowest point of the statue, his instincts began screaming at him. Looking up any further… was a 'very' bad idea.

Normally Lex was fearless, but after almost being absorbed by the universe just because he listened to some information regarding Celestials, he gained a healthy amount of fear and respect for things relating to higher levels.

Eventually, he relented. He did not take a look at the statue, and instead returned his focus on Z.

After looking at the rest of the statues, the amount of pressure he faced had dropped, so he felt like he could attempt using his spirit sense now.

It was a slow, and excruciating process, but eventually Lex touched Z with his spirit sense. He did not nudge the teenager, or distract him in any way. Instead, he used Mindmeld to turn a wisp of his spirit sense into 'thought' and infiltrated Z's mind.

What Lex saw was a war. It was a war that spanned the entirety of the Primal realm, the first ever realm in the universe. He saw only glimpses of it. He saw humans fighting behemoths. He saw deities being crushed under the feet of giants. He saw a horde of beasts pulverized by a single creature. He saw the ascension of dragons for killing a creature that in itself was akin to the sun and the moon and the sky. He saw the invincible phoenix, burning again and again until it became fire itself, and forcefully took undeath and made it its own dominion.

He also saw… he saw Death, and Destiny as two living beings, still young and feeble. He saw more, so much more…

"You are impressive, child," a gentle, loving voice spoke directly into Lex's mind. "This is not your inheritance, but I will allow you to take a piece of it nonetheless. But it will be locked in your mind until you prove yourself worthy. Unfortunately, the battle is lost. Now, life is but a play, and the living are merely performers.

"Perform well, and you will be rewarded, and gain a chance to learn greater secrets. I'll give you a hint. The Cosmic Ascendance Spectrum… is merely one of many rankings. Get your name on one, and you will gain the qualifications to become a true performer. You will forget this as well, but a part of this knowledge will stay with you. Whether you want to ignore it, or prove yourself, will be a decision your subconscious mind will make, based on who you are. But I have a feeling… that I will see you soon."



Chapter 939 Sense of community





?The images Lex saw all faded from his memories, and were instead replaced by memories of various basic weapons. When he saw the spear, his mind stayed calm, as was the case with the bow, the dagger, the dart, and hundreds of variations of these weapons. He even saw some swords, but they were all kinds that Lex had never used before, or could not reconcile with the way he used swords.

But eventually, an image of the kind of sword Lex normally used, which he identified as a standard double-sided sword, and Lex's mind had some fluctuations. As if responding to his fluctuations, Lex continued to have visions of a war, though for some reason the details always eluded him.

Instead, what Lex retained was the experience of using the sword. He used it as a mortal, as a cultivator, as a soldier, and a bandit, and in countless other scenarios. He became accustomed to it, so much so that not having a sword felt strange and incomplete.

But after each wave of visions, the memories would drain away from his mind, leaving behind only traces of their presence.

This continued for many cycles before Lex began to see other weapon shapes. The next one that resonated with him was the buster sword, mainly because of his experience wielding the eight feet long sword while being a baby.

He had more visions about that, and then forgot again, once again leaving behind only traces. Then the process repeated.

The next time, Lex resonated with the butter knife. After that, he resonated barehanded combat. Then with arrays. Then with techniques shot out from one's eyes.

The process was extremely thorough, and seemed to last forever while he went through it, but each time the memories would fade, so he only remembered a few moments passing.

When the visions finally ended, and Lex woke up, he found himself meditating in the observation room. The window to the room where Z was sitting had already faded, and the wall had resumed its normal condition.

Besides feeling a slight mental fatigue, Lex felt more or less normal. He got up from his chair as the door opened to reveal a perpetually anxious Mateo.

"You were in the room for five days this time. Cassandra won't be happy that you missed so many meals."

Shaking his head, Lex said, "it couldn't be helped. I think… I think I received a part of an inheritance."

Mateo trembled, and Cassandra also suddenly appeared beside him, her eyes fixed on Lex.

"What do you mean you 'think'?" she asked.

"I'm not sure exactly. I'm certain I saw something, but I can't remember any of it. It's strange."

Cassandra relaxed and even smiled a little.

"You're right, you did receive a part of an inheritance. Don't worry, the memory loss is for your own protection. What you gained is a lot more valuable. Do not think about it, and just accept it."

Lex nodded, pushing the matter to the back of his mind. He was not lacking in inheritances and opportunities. What was more important was that he confirmed that Z was not experiencing some kind of brainwashing, or being used as a vessel for the reincarnation of his ancestor.

With that, he could move on to the next step of his plan. But, just as he was about to speak, Cassandra raised her finger and stopped him.

"Food first," she said in a tone that was not up for negotiations.

Finding it hard to reject a good meal, Lex waited until he found himself at a table with several courses laid out in front of him. Cassandra, who was sitting opposite to him, was once again sipping tea.

"Since I have confirmed Z's condition, I am ready to invite more employees from the Inn. One of them will also bring the Innkeeper's business card. You can have your meeting, and the rest of the workers can get trained for the next few months."

Cassandra's hand paused, and instead of taking a sip, she eventually lowered her cup and looked at him.

"Go ahead, then."

Lex smiled. With her go ahead, he sent out instructions to Mary.

*****

The population of guests at the Midnight Inn had dropped drastically, but by now it was clear that those who remained, none intended to leave anytime soon.

To say that nearly half the remaining guests, whether it be devils, humans, or elves, were in love with Velma and wanted to pursue her would be wrong. The actual number was probably greater than 50%.

Fortunately, they were all well behaved and none of them tried to be forceful. How could they? They were completely enamored by her endless creativity, enthralled by her beauty, and completely enchanted by her jocund nature.

If asked, them to wage war on her behalf, it would not be surprising if 90% of them marched out to battle. The remaining 10% would most likely begin using their contacts to amass a power that could obliterate planets and target it towards wherever she pointed.

A small percentage of the guests who remained were representatives of powers who had hidden items of great value at the Inn, such as the paladins. Then there were the guests who used the Beyond the Grave feature of the Inn to exist as spirits.

Finally, the last portion was a random mix of guests who had various reasons to stay behind. This included the many guests still breaking through their realm from the last time the Inn underwent a star rank increase. It would not be unusual if they stayed that way for a few more years, as cultivation at higher stages often became such a lengthy process.

This, of course, excluded the many guests who had leased Minor realms from the Inn, as even those had become locked when the Inn stopped accepting guests. Anyone could still enter those Minor realms, but they would not be able to return to the Inn.

As a result, compared to the past, where the Inn was a hotbed of activity, things were calmer and more peaceful. The few guests living at the Inn had developed a sort of community as well, and arranged for some activities amongst themselves.

The Book Reading club had become considerably famous, and the founder of the club, Gladius, became one of the most well-

known guests at the Inn. The club extended to many members who were not at the Inn as well, via the Henali portal. But the integral members all stayed at the Inn. Many of the regulars were trapped outside since they could not afford to stay at the Inn perpetual, much to their regret.

Regardless, Gladius had no intentions of leaving, and had started to include many of Velma's followers into his club by doing readings of her comics.

Things at the Inn felt incredibly harmonious, and even those guests who weren't exactly social and did not like to interact with others began enjoying the environment. It was much better than the previous, extremely hectic and crowded Inn.

Many of them wished that things would not change. One of the guests, an old Nascent realm cultivator who had no hope of ever progressing further, had even deposited enough MP to book a room for the next 100 years. He would probably die before that, but he wanted to spend his last days in peace, at the Inn.

Such an environment left many of the workers with a lot of free time. With not much else to do, they often enjoyed some of the Inns amenities and services themselves, using the MP they got in their salaries. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

But today, suddenly, almost 95% of all Inn workers were suddenly asked to assemble without explanation. They gathered in the village, which was the only place to hold such large numbers. Over a hundred thousand workers gathered, which was quite a sight.

Most of the time they were spread out across the Inn, so it was difficult to realize how many of them there were. But considering that the Inn frequently handled guests in the millions, this was a very small number of guests.

Gerard, the only person with a following of admirers that was even remotely close to that of Velma's, walked out on stage in front of the massive crowd.

After returning from the war he, and many others, had broken through the Golden core realm. As a result, his appearance was refined once again, and although he retained a look of maturity, all of his wrinkles disappeared.

As the head of security, he was well known by all, not to mention that he was one of the first two followers of the Innkeeper. Although Luthor was supposed to be the Innkeepers' assistant, more of the workers were familiar with Gerard. After all, Luthor spent most of his free time training. He had no social life to speak of.

"I hope you all are well," Gerard said, his voice as comforting and smooth as always. "I won't mince words, mostly because we have urgent orders. All of you have been selected for a great opportunity. The few who will be left behind will bear the responsibility of continuing to run the Inn, but they will still get the same opportunity, but later. But alongside an opportunity, I feel this is a responsibility. I hope you all will put in your best effort not to disappoint the Innkeeper."



