Chapter 1010 Dragons breath

﻿﻿Cultivating as a Nascent soul realm cultivator was… it was almost divine! His control over spirit energy had improved drastically, and that improvement carried onto other aspects of his cultivation as well.

The rate at which he absorbed Dragons Might also increased drastically, and that was before Pel gave him a bunch of exercises showing him how it was actually supposed to be used. He could feel himself improving, and that was after consciously trying to keep his actual cultivation from increasing. Fortunately, there were countless other areas he could improve in, so stopping a single aspect of cultivation was no burden.

If previously, he had felt like he was adding water to a container that was near overspilling, now it felt like he was using a sink to fill up a dam! His body's capacity for strength, defense, comprehension, Domination, and so many other things had suddenly increased. Moreover, he could directly use the dragon underneath him as a source for all of them!

This was great news, not only because now he needed to weaken the dragon for its new host, though Lex honestly doubted he'd be able to weaken it enough any time soon, but also because he was unsatisfied with his defense.

Admittedly, it was still tremendously powerful, considering all he only got a rash from that black energy, but he was unsatisfied. He had traded his newest technique in exchange for Regal Embrace, and although it was a lot better in many ways, he didn't want to lose out the singular trait he had started his cultivation journey with: overpowered defenses.

Earlier on, he was still too weak for it to be too prominent, but now that he was much stronger he was finally getting to the things that were absurd. He wanted to walk on the surface of a star, and take a dive in a planet's core, to name just a few of the more sane ideas he had about what he'd do with a more durable body. This wasn't even considering the really unbelievable stuff, like play catch using a black hole as a ball.

So he absolutely could not give up on the path to making his body indestructible. In fact, he was determined to surpass the limits of Regal Embrace.

But those were all far off things. To aim a little closer to where Lex actually was, he wanted all the strength, toughness, might and everything else this Heavenly immortal dragon had to offer and make it his own, long before reaching the Heavenly immortal realm himself.

A tough but achievable goal he set for himself was to be completely equal to the dragon while still in the Earth immortal realm, at most.

As if responding to his intentions, his cultivation technique altered itself a bit, and Lex received some feedback. If he wanted to achieve what he set as his goal, he needed to stop cultivating in random places, and take the most he could from this dragon in his current realm before cultivating in other areas.

It felt like his technique was complaining to him for being so random. He imagined himself talking to an employee upset at his unreasonableness.

"It's okay, it's okay, I'll avoid cultivating in any active volcanoes for a while," he muttered.

The change in aura around Lex was noticed by John as well as Pel Jr. Both of them had completely varied thoughts running through his mind.

John was reinforcing his decision to give up his system in his mind, while Pel Jr. felt touched at the dedication Lex was showing in helping him weaken the dragon. Although it had not made any difference in the pressure Pel Jr. was feeling at all, he could tell that he was moving in the right direction.

Previously Lex had been pacing himself while cultivating, but right now he was going all in. Like a flood that had no end, Dragons Might flowed into Lex's body without restraint, and it vanished completely, leaving behind no trace of its existence.

Hours rolled by, and nearly sixteen hours later, Lex finally paused. He did not feel tired, in fact, he could feel his body hungry for more. But he wanted to test out if he had strengthened Domination enough to use Wyrm's Glyph.

As absurd as it sounded, this single session of cultivation more than tripled the strength of Domination! Lex could feel that he had a lot more room for growth, but his intuition had been correct. With Domination the way it was right now, he could begin to practice manipulating with precision hitherto unknown to him.

Without moving from his spot, as this was the perfect place to practice such techniques, Lex began to go through the exercises given to him by Pel. His amazing comprehension, accompanied by his Flow state, really began to show as he managed to form the Glyph within thirty minutes!

His Domination completely withdrew into himself, and Lex felt like his aura had vanished completely. But at the same time, he could feel the power coursing through his Glyph. Although this one was only supposed to help him search for treasures, it still gave Lex the impression that what he was controlling was a live weapon.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Pel, do you know any more Glyphs I can learn using Domination?" Lex could not help but ask, a dangerous glint in his eyes.

"Of course. What kind do you have in mind? I'll have to search for ones suited for beginners, but there are countless such Glyphs that are supposed to help a dragon master their own strength. The Glyphs mimicking Dragons breath seem to be very popular."

Lex clenched his fists as he struggled to keep his excitement contained! Yes, this is exactly what he had in mind! How cool would it be to use Dragon's breath! His strength was about to skyrocket!

"We can start with that one, but make a list of all the Glyphs I can use at my level and send them to me later. For now though, it's time to hunt for treasure."

Lex looked down to John, who was studying the dragon and scribbling something. It seemed like he was busy creating a technique, so Lex did not bother him. Instead, he teleported away.

There were a few minor problems at the Inn caused by the fact that the countless people who had been stuck in the Minor realms before started to come out to the Inn. There were a few refugees who did not like the fact that they had been teleported to another realm and that the teleportation function wasn't working, though Lex very much doubted they understood what realms were.

He would normally take care of these things himself, but he was feeling impatient. The poor resin had waited too long for him already. It was time he welcomed it to its rightful place: among his treasure collection!

He teleported back to where the resin was supposed to be. He took a second to calm himself, lest he make a mistake in his excitement. The thought of treasure hunting and fire breathing had exhilarated him much more than he expected. Maybe he was being influenced by the dragon.

Nevertheless, he steadied himself and used the technique, forming the Glyph on his forehead. Once he overcame the most obvious sensations, which were of immense power, he became cognizant of a new sense entirely.

It was surprising that he missed it in the first place, considering how overwhelmingly it was reacting to the Midnight realm. He could… could feel… it was strange to describe. It was as if he was spying on the rules of the universe, and could feel the love the universe had towards certain things. Love might not be the right word, but considering how alien the sensation was for him, that was the closest thing he could equate it to at the moment.

The more valuable something was, the more attention it was given by the universe. Or perhaps, it would be more appropriate to say, the more valuable it was, the more laws it interacted with. This was all just guess work on Lex's end at the moment.

But regardless of what it was, Lex could feel, in a very quantifiable manner, the value of things all around him. The entire continent, every speck of dirt and every gust of air seemed to be valuable. Lex, for the first time, realized just how valuable the realm was. If he exported the dirt under his feet, he could probably raise the fertility of an entire planet with just a fistful!

It was not really the same thing, since the realm was only 0.25 lightyears large, but Lex felt like he had gotten his own version of the Bangle of Narn. His realm could not be compared to a galaxy in size, but perhaps in value they were close. Or maybe, his realm might even surpass it!

These things he had no answer for, nor did they matter. He turned his attention towards the lands in front of him. He hoped this Glyph could see through the seal on the resin, or else he would have wasted so much time for nothing.



Chapter 1011 Free lunch

﻿﻿"Pel, how do I search for the resin?" Lex asked as he surveyed the land. The feedback he was getting from the Glyph was immense, and turning it into usable information was quickly becoming a massive burden on Lex.

It was still fine when he hadn't noticed, but now that he had, it was as if every individual grain of dirt, every rock, every insect and animal in the vicinity were all giving him individual feedback. If he didn't find a way to filter all this information, he would soon be overwhelmed.

"You influence the Glyph through the use of Domination," Pel informed him, while he transferred the relevant data over to Lex. "Once you can control the technique, you have to raise the bar just high enough that you no longer get any feedback from your surroundings, and then increase your sensitivity at the same time.

"The ingenious thing about this Glyph is that it is designed to peek through seals that are designed to hide treasures. After all, while the aura of the treasure can be suppressed, the way it interacts with laws cannot. Seals actually just compensate for any interaction the treasure would have, thereby preventing any traces from appearing out in the open. But the Wyrm's Glyph is not looking for traces at all. It is instead measuring quantity and capacity for interactions with laws. Master, considering the weakened state of your Domination, your range will not be too large, so you will have to search on your own. But once you're in the vicinity of the resin, you should be able to sense it - hypothetically."

Lex decided not to focus on Pel's last word, and began regulating his technique until he was just above the level where he got any feedback from his surroundings. As much as he wished for an easy solution, he still had to search.

His preliminary search would be from the surface. He was hoping that the range of his Glyph was great enough to locate the resin from the ground, for if he was forced to dig then that would add another great obstacle in his path.

Just to be sure he was doing his utmost, he spread his spirit sense to its limits as well, before he began flying just over the ground at breakneck speeds. He could have run, yes, and it would not be much slower. But why put in so much effort when he could just fly?Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

From time to time, he picked up on some buried or hidden treasures and valuables. More than once, he saw creatures that shone brighter in his eyes than anything else in the region.

Lex pondered if what he was seeing was their spot on the Cosmic Ascendance spectrum, or if their bodies were just very valuable. For once, he did not have a clear guess.

Time flowed like the wind, but Lex did not allow himself to focus on that. If he thought about it at all, he'd begin to get impatient, and that could distract him from his task.

While he did not find the resin for a long time, since his spirit sense was spread out, he observed the land with greater scrutiny than he would ever normally use. He originally thought that this place was barren, but that was far from the truth. It was just that life here had adapted and camouflaged itself perfectly to anyone only using their eyes.

The rocks were covered in gray and brown moss, which hid themselves perfectly in the curves and shallows on their surfaces. The moss, then, became hidden habitats for countless tiny insects which themselves looked like pebbles or chips of rock. Snakes, scorpions, lizards and other creatures made themselves at home, just their natural appearance hiding them so well even as a Nascent soul cultivator Lex had not noticed them based on sight alone.

Then, there were the ants. More than any other creature here, Lex took notice of the ants. He had seen four or five different species of ants in this region, which was not a lot. But what was astounding was the size of their colonies. For hundreds of miles, each species of ant took a region as their territory, and fought off competing ant colonies at the borders, waging a war right underneath his eyes.

Perhaps, if Lex had not seen the development of the realm from an angle directly above it, he would have felt different, but at the moment he felt like some kind of deity looking down at his creations. Their struggles and troubles seemed so arbitrary to him. He could randomly throw a piece of meat down in their territory, and that would be enough to feed each ant colony for generations, putting an end to their need for such fighting.

But to them, what could be solved by him with a wave of his hand, was important enough to stake their lives.

It was… a humbling observation. As he grew stronger and stronger, and his place in the universe grew, it was important to reflect upon what his power meant for the world around him.

He remembered back on earth, one time in college he failed a class because of which he lost his scholarship. He had felt so miserable then. He wished some all powerful being would come and just reverse time to give him another chance so that he could do it differently. He had sworn so deeply that he'd do it differently if he had just one more chance.

It turned out later that he didn't need a deity to help him out. He talked to his professor, who gave him an opportunity to redeem his grade by redoing a critical assignment. But the temptation of an all-powerful being just solving his problem for him had gripped him so strongly when he felt so miserable - even though back then he did not believe such things existed.

Now he himself was an all powerful being. More importantly, he wondered if his problems looked the same to the countless beings more powerful than him. What must the mysterious man who just showed up inside his room at the Inn one day think of him when he looked at Lex? Perhaps, to him, guiding Lex was no more effort than Lex throwing out a piece of meat for the ants.

Lex paused for the briefest of moments. He looked through his spatial bangle and found a lot of food that was no longer as nutritious to him now that his realm had grown. As he continued to fly over the land, he threw bits and pieces of it here and there to some animals he saw struggling.

Although Lex was not too into charity himself, it also didn't hurt to help others now and again, especially if it was no big deal to himself. After all, he had also benefited from the help of others.

It seemed that sometimes, in life, there were free lunches.



Chapter 1012 Pop goes the...

﻿﻿Lex decided not to measure time and instead just focus on his search. Such a mentality, alongside the fact that it was perpetually sunny in the Midnight realm made it so he really could not tell how long it had taken him, eventually there came a time that he scanned the entirety of the region, but was unable to discover the resin or anything else that might hint at it.

That meant he would need to conduct the search underground - how wonderful. He did not need to think back to the time in the Crystal realm when he got buried underground, or the dragon's basement, or basically any time he went below the surface, to know that this would not be a pleasant experience.

If for no other reason than because he had no way to easily travel through solid ground, this was going to be a tedious journey.

But then he paused. No wait, it seemed he really had a way to travel through solid objects. If he changed his body from its physical form to his soul state, couldn't he travel through the ground? He could avoid entering the soul plane, which was something he would have to experiment with at a later time because he could not even begin to imagine how he'd search for the resin through another plane of existence he had no experience with.

What's more, he could also… he could also turn himself into thought, and travel through the mind of the countless living creatures here, and search through their memories to see if they had any recollection of something that might hint towards the resins location.

For a moment Lex became disoriented as his perception of the world changed as he realized the scale and scope of his abilities. He was too used to seeing the world as he knew it from back when he was a mortal. Perhaps this was a drawback of progressing too quickly in his cultivation: he hadn't had time to reflect on the changes it brought him.

He also vaguely understood what Cassandra meant when she said that he needed to change his worldview before growing stronger, or he'd always have limited strength. Of course, she had been more specific and mentioned the tenets of immortality and how they would be weaker if he didn't adapt.

But even in a broader sense, he began to feel how his old habits and outdated perceptions began to limit him. It was… something he definitely needed to take time out and reflect on later.

He held his hand out and looked at it as he willed himself to enter his soul state and then… he just did. But nothing seemed to change. He did not become ethereal or ghostly. He looked exactly the same. He even felt exactly the same.

To test out if anything had changed he put his feet on the ground and watched with intrigue as it slipped through. He also felt silly.

The whole reason he searched from the ground was because he didn't have a way to easily travel underground, only to realize that he did.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

He did not admonish himself for the oversight. After all, he had spent 26 years with a physical body, and only just gained the ability to turn into a soul. It was acceptable for him to forget about it.

Slowly, he allowed his body to descend into the ground, which was a strange experience. Physically he felt nothing because, well, he did not have a physical body. But the moment he went underground, he became blind, with his eyes at least. His spirit sense still allowed him to see everything around him, even through the ground itself. The Glyph was also still active, so technically he should still be able to sense treasures.

Guided by his spirit sense, he began to once again travel after descending half a mile (800 meters) below ground, though he reduced his speed drastically. Even though he could travel through the ground, he didn't know if his soul would hit other things and thereby incur damage, which is why he moved slowly for now.

Just for the sake of experimentation, he allowed his body to brush up against another living thing. This deep underground, the ants, worlds, snakes and other creatures could not make their colonies or burrows, so the only living things he encountered were genuine, ground dwelling creatures, and there were many of them here.

Even though most of the space underground was occupied by larger boulders buried deep, or crush created from crumbling larger rocks, the ground dwelling creatures made use of the limited soil in between.

In fact, the soil became a sort of highway for these creatures to travel, and their homes seemed to be small caves that they drilled in the rocks themselves.

When Lex touched such a creature he finally felt some kind of sensation, but before he could focus on it, the creature's soul popped, startling Lex! He didn't mean to kill it, buts soul had been too fragile to even sustain his touch. After offering a silent prayer for the dead… for the dead whatever it was, Lex decided to continue with his reduced speed for now.

He confirmed that touching another soul would result in some kind of hindrance, and though he would most likely be fine, the experience of popping another soul was quite unpleasant. He felt so guilty!

What was worse was the ectoplasmic soul go that was stuck to his finger from popping the soul. He had no idea how to get it off, and he didn't want to rub it on his pants.

Wait.

He looked down and discovered that he was still wearing his suit made by Geeves. Did he just… turn his suit into a soul, or was this an ability Geeves gave the clothes when he made them? Or… was the suit a part of him now? Was Lex a suit?

With the increasing number of mental crises he was experiencing, Lex continued to search for the resin.



Chapter 1013 Sealed domain

Traveling underground was an experience unto itself. Once he got over the fear that his soul would crash into something, and actually sped up, he discovered that there was a lot more to the underground than just endless dirt and rocks.

There were so many plants, not even counting the extensive root network for whatever plants could bury roots so deep. There were living creatures with underground colonies that gave Lex wonderful ideas for his own Inn. There were more than just a few underground rivers with water to clean and cold, Lex actually felt tempted to stop and take a drink.

Eventually Lex spread his soul sense out as well, and was amazed at the fact that life was thriving just as much this deep underground as on the surface.

Lex also found something he completely would never have expected. A massive network of chambers had been excavated to create somewhat of an abode, and it was covered in remnants of protective formations.

Out of curiosity, Lex stopped by and discovered the remains of a cultivator who seemed to have died alone at some point. All his belongings were still present, including a personal diary that Lex perused for a brief moment.

As it turned out, the fellow became a hermit after getting dumped by his fiancee who then married his own father. He was too ashamed to show his face in society ever again, and so spent the rest of his life underground.

Lex put the diary back, only reflecting on the fact that the fellow was not ridiculously large, and was only 8 feet (2.4 meters) tall.

Since there was nothing related to the resin here, he decided to leave the abode as is. But, on yet another whim, before he left he carved his initials into the wall, leaving a mark to show that he had been here. He also took out a small lock box and put a copy of Evisceration, and a vial of spirit liquid in it, leaving it there for anyone to discover.

The lockbox was special, in that it would perfectly preserve its contents as long as it was closed. It would either open on its own after a set number of years, which Lex decided to set as 1000 years, or when someone channeled enough spirit energy into it. It was like leaving a small gift behind for someone fated for it, although chances were high that no one would ever find it.

He had done something similar in the Midnight Inn, leaving presents here and there for people to find, and so far no one had really found any, which is why he didn't expect anyone to find this either. But the possibility intrigued him. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

He moved on, further increasing his speed the longer he went on. With his soul sense spread out, he could easily avoid other souls so his concern for crashing into other things was reduced considerably.

But just as he was beginning to feel anxious, despite the fact that he was doing his best to stay calm, Lex finally found something that caused him to pause.

Even further below him, on the very edge of his range for the Glyph, he sensed something giving a very large reaction. He descended slowly, and was mesmerized by what he saw. He was on the edge of something massive!

By massive he meant that it extended for miles and miles till the very edge of his spirit sense in either direction, and was deeper than he could sense as well. The reaction he was getting from the Glyph was greater than anything he had seen so far, making him feel confident that he had finally reached the resin.

"Pel, take a look at this," Lex said as he transmitted his vision to the ring as well. "Tell me if you know what it is."

"Master, this is the corner of a sealed domain," Pel responded in a solemn voice. "I think… master, my memories about sealed domains are incomplete, but I think that the Amber Chaos resin is not enough to form this. From what I recall, despite being valuable, the Amber Chaos resin is not really an energy source. But for such a domain to form, not only does it require very special circumstances, but it also requires a massive energy source."

Lex frowned, and then recalled all the information he had received about the region surrounding the resin. Although he was aware that the resin was sealed, he did not get any information about anything that could be a significant energy source. That meant that either the information he received was not actually complete, and was just a brief overview of the realm, or that someone else had created this.

He felt more inclined to believe the first one. After all, the realm was massive, so for Lex to believe he could get all the information about all of it in such a short time was pushing it.

"So how do I access the domain?" he asked as he continued to come closer to it.

"There are two ways. The first is to be so superior to the domain that you can unravel it yourself. That is not so easy to achieve. The second option is to go to the entrance of the domain and enter normally. As long as you obey the rules of the domain, it is entirely possible to get through not only unharmed, but be rewarded with the treasures the domain hides as well."

"What are the rules? How do I find the entrance?"

"The rules for each domain are separate, master. But you can probably find the entrance as long as you follow its wall. There should be more than one entrance anyway."

"How… how long do you think it will take to resolve this domain?" Lex asked. He still had things he needed to do as the Innkeeper. He couldn't just disappear for days or weeks.

"That's… hard to say. But I think it's safe to say that it won't be quick."



Chapter 1014 Looking to the future

Of course, nothing was ever easy or straightforward. But considering the rarity and use of the treasure he was searching for, perhaps it was called for. He felt a tinge of disappointment, but then again, he knew that there would be some kind of seal around the resin. It only made sense that it was not so simple to overcome.

He decided to mark the location and come back once he officially finished all his Innkeeper chores, but before leaving, he wanted to find the entrance. He continued to trace the domain wall, though at a distance. The last thing he wanted was to activate some kind of restriction and then be pulled into the domain against his will, once again leaving him to control the Inn remotely.

It seemed that experience really did build the man, for without his experiences, Lex wouldn't even know what possible traps to avoid.

As he trailed it, Lex was able to confirm that the domain was absolutely massive. In fact, Lex would not be surprised if the domain turned out to be bigger than some countries back on Earth.

"You said there were supposed to be multiple entrances?" Lex eventually asked Pel after nearly ten hours of trailing. By now, he was fairly certain that the domain was larger than the rocky terrain above him. That was not a good sign.

"Usually that's the case. This is because the entrances to each domain also serve as an exchange vent for the spiritual energy within and outside the domain, which is needed to maintain the delicate internal environment. If there aren't many, then perhaps the internal environment is stable enough that it doesn't need many."

"Excellent. That's great news," Lex said, realizing that his job was getting harder and harder. Normally Lex wasn't one to get flustered so easily, but the deadline, however long it was, alongside the incredibly difficult task of raising the systems level was weighing on him.

"I guess I'll come back to this," he muttered to himself, before memorizing the coordinates and teleporting away. Perhaps this was a good thing. Although he had been trying not to stress himself out, he had been rushing a little bit.

This way, by going back and completing all his tasks first, he could come and tackle the seal with a clear mind. He gave the domain one last, reluctant look, before teleporting away.

"Pel, do you have any techniques that can turn others into humans?" Lex asked casually. He was not expecting such a technique to exist, or if it did, it was probably not so easy to implement.

"Shapeshifting into a human is not a problem at all. In fact, a secret little known to most is that to sate their insatiable lust, dragons sometimes shapeshift into other creatures and mate with others of their kinds. Humans are among those races. But if you mean actually turning into a human, I fear that I don't recall such a technique. Perhaps if my memories recovered, I could offer some advice."

Lex just glanced at the Mountain-man. He didn't know what to do with him. The fellow had paid his rent in advance using gems, and then just fallen asleep and had not woken up since. He talked about wanting to grow stronger or return to his past life, and since then had just been napping.

Perhaps that was a side effect of being a mountain. Lex wanted his system, but unless he could offer a way to turn him into a human, or somehow reconnect him with the people from his past life, he had no idea how to do so.

Besides the Mountain-man, there was also that guy who ran a book club. He also had a system, but he seemed way too invested in growing his book club, which probably had something to do with his system. It was unlikely he would want to give it up.

He was treating both of them as extreme reserves, in case he needed to take some drastic measures. But he really did not want to let things come to that.

He checked and discovered that he only had four days left before his Host Attire stopped working.

Since Luthor had not returned yet from the Minor realm, Lex summoned all the other leading figures of the Inn for a joint meeting. Since he as the Innkeeper was not going to be available, and he as Lex was going to be busy, it was important to set up systems for all the workers to be able to handle any potential problems in the upcoming time.

Setting up a robust transport system was also very important, for unless they figured out how to set up teleportation formations on their own, they would need to come up with other ways to travel.

For the first time ever, over 30 workers of the Inn gathered in his office. They included members such as Velma and Gerald, but also key members of the planning division, the upcoming battalion, security, and other prominent workers who had made themselves known through exemplary service.

Those who had attended countless meetings were more or less relaxed, but the rest were jittery though they tried their best to hide it. But how could such a thing be hidden from Lex anyway?

"I am glad you are all here today, because I have an important announcement to make. The Midnight Inn has undergone a new beginning, and many things have changed over this time. Your help in tackling the countless problems we faced has been invaluable, which is why I feel confident in giving you more responsibility.

"As a result of this new beginning, there are certain matters that require my personal attention for the foreseeable future. During this period, I will not be able to divert any attention to the Inn, so any and all problems the Inn encounters will have to be handled by you." 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

His words stunned most of the crowd, though predictably, Gerard and Velma were unaffected. They had been with the Innkeeper the longest and had absolute faith in him. If he decided that they could deal with any problems they faced, then he had probably already foreseen what problems they would encounter. Now it was just up to them to live up to his expectations.



Chapter 1015 Recognize this?

﻿﻿Lex waited until the crowd settled down somewhat from the news of his imminent departure before continuing. He summoned a projection of a map of the region of the Inn, clearly marking where the existing settlements were, the numerous landmarks and terrains, as well as things that needed to be looked out for, such as the tribe of the killer mites that only inhabited a certain region.

"This is the entire territory of the Inn. Although the settlements have not covered even 1% of the area, that does not change the fact that all of this is Inn territory. That means that once a guest enters the Inn, he or she can roam this entire area. That then also means that you need to be able to reach any area of the Inn.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"As you can clearly see, there's a lot of wildlife and uncurtailed dangers along these lands for mortals and lower-level cultivators, which is why I want you to put up signs everywhere informing the guests that they may face dangers if they move away from the settlements. At the same time, I want you all to focus on and consider how you can use these open, wild lands to offer new services, and how to make use of them.

"For example, you can offer safaris to tourists. Or you can offer protected, training excursions for new cultivators to allow them to familiarize themselves with the dangers of the wilderness. But you have to manage this without disturbing the natural balance of these environments, which will be a challenge. You should also plan for how you will respond in case of emergencies, such as the invasion from the Minor realm that Luthor is currently addressing.

"This is a great learning opportunity for all of you, and will allow you to gain extensive experience which can help improve the Inn in the future. For this period, I will not offer you any guidance, and will only watch. Since I am about to leave, it is best you get in the habit of making decisions yourselves. Only if you make a massive blunder or oversight, will I add any comments. You may begin."

Lex took a step back as he watched the numerous workers suddenly grapple with the responsibility that had suddenly been thrust upon them. But the reason these few specifically had been called, and not the rest, was because they had already proven themselves as competent.

True to Lex's expectations, they quickly began to divert their attention towards the map and started muttering amongst themselves as they discussed ideas. Naturally, at first, they focused on the few situations that Lex had pointed out, but as he intended for this meeting to be a long one, he hoped that soon they would start discussing their own ideas.

Leaving a projection of himself in the room, Lex teleported away.

John was still sitting in front of the dragon, scribbling in his book. He no longer looked as confused or tense, and had made considerable progress. It was likely that watching Lex cultivate had given him some inspiration.

As he was scribbling, he noticed something and turned around, only to be startled at the sign of the Innkeeper approaching him.

"Innkeeper! I am making progress on the technique, but it will take some more time before I finish."

"At ease. That is not why I am here. I am here to tell you that I will be departing for a time to take care of certain matters, and will not be available. If you want to remove your system, you have to tell me now."

He had planned on cajoling John some more initially, but a glance was all he needed to tell that John had finally reached the decision he wanted. In that case, it was best not to say much more, and let John think that he did not care what he decided either way.

John clenched his fingers and recalled the scene of Lex cultivating. He worked up his courage, before it left him, and said, "please remove it. I want to walk my own path from now on."

The Innkeeper nodded.

"This may hurt a little," he warned and stretched his arm forward. Even while wearing the Host Attire, Lex could shift into his soul state, which allowed his hand to go directly through John and touch his soul. He no longer needed Impervious Hands to handle systems.

But there was a small issue. Unlike himself, who kept the system separated from his soul, John had already merged with the system. Separating them would inevitably cause some harm, but he was prepared to deal with it as soon as it appeared.

He used Domination and soul sense to suppress John's soul, and subtly manipulate the system within it. Perhaps it was a good thing that the system was damaged, for Lex could sense how difficult it was to manipulate in this state. If it was unharmed, he could only begin to imagine how he would even separate it from John's soul.

The process was not simple or quick, for he had to gather all the system into one point in John's soul, which was easier said than done. John himself also felt completely constricted, as if he were buried underground and was unable to move at all.

It was an arduous process, and a long one at that. For a considerable amount of time, the two stood there, unmoving. Lex did not think about how taking so long might reflect poorly, considering how powerful he was supposed to be. It could easily be explained by saying he was trying to minimize the damage to John's soul. Unless he planned on absorbing another system, and then having it removed again, he would have no benchmark with which to compare this experience.

Ultimately, Lex finally felt like he had done it. Fused with John's soul though it may be, Lex managed to gather all the parts of the system into one tiny speck of the man's soul. Then, in one swift motion, he cut out that piece of his soul.

Despite being suppressed, John could not help but scream. His eyes suddenly became red as blood leaked out of his nose and his ears. But Lex did not allow him to suffer for long.

As soon as he cut out the soul, and confirmed that he had grabbed the system completely and it wasn't trying to run away, he dripped some of his own blood in its soul state right on John's soul.

The healing process was not instantaneous, but it did soothe John and as it began the healing process. In fact, it wasn't just the cut that his blood began to heal, but the damage he had accumulated due to the broken system as well. He went from feeling a soul rending pain to a relaxing warmth almost immediately, though John wasn't able to appreciate it.

He became extremely lethargic and his eyes drooped, struggling to stay awake. It was unfortunate that the recovery rooms weren't working, but that would have hardly helped with a soul wound any way. Instead, he teleported John's body over to Harry's barber shop, where he had a soul pond that would aid in John's recovery.

Moreover, Harry's own sorcery would be extremely helpful in aiding and speeding the healing process. Lex had already informed him to expect John soon, so he was not surprised.

After ensuring that John was in no danger, Lex turned his attention to the system in his hand. Unlike the previous ones he had seen, this was not a golden, glowing ball. Instead, the color had changed to a bronze, as if it was sick or wilting.

He waited for the familiar sound of a system notification, which only came after an uncomfortable delay, clearly indicated the overburdened state of his own system.

New Notification: New system detected! Analyzing the secondary system. Lone assassin system detected!

New Notification: Lone assassin C+ system detected. In the shadow and in the light, stalk your prey alone and assassinate your targets to receive a boost in strength and prestige. The greater the assassination feat, the greater the feedback you receive, and the more strength you are bestowed. No target is off limits, and no prey is big enough, as the system will guide you on the ultimate path of assassinating even deities!

New Notification: Absorb Lone assassin system? Y/N!

The lone assassin system? Was that why 'John' had been such a loner before this? Although he knew that the name was just an alias he had been using, Lex decided to stick with the name unless he decided to correct anyone. He had a strong feeling that, alongside his system, John would be leaving his old name behind as well.

Lex did not immediately absorb the system, as he still had a few more days with the Host Attire that he didn't want to squander. But as soon as that time was over, he would not hesitate to absorb it. He wondered how long it would take. But for now, he had another plan.

He teleported somewhere else, but this time as Lex and not the Innkeeper. He also did not hide the system, and showed it to the two figures in front of him.

"Recognise this?"



Chapter 1016 What do you want from us

﻿﻿The Rhinocentaurs had long felt that they were forgotten, which was not necessarily a bad thing. At least they didn't face insane torture or death, which made it easier for them to wait for their rescue. During this time, they spent more or less every waking minute perusing the groupchat and its various channels, becoming incredibly active, allowing them to stay up to date with all the latest information.

It wasn't as if they had anything better to do anyway. It was a bitter sweet experience, for on one hand they were saved from eternal boredom, but on the other hand they had to read about others who were out and about, living their lives. At least they developed some renown during this time.

But, recently, they experienced a bit of a rollercoaster of emotions. First they elated when they learned that there was progress on their quest, and that the person who had accepted it finally had a lead on a golden key to enter the Inn. But as soon as they started to expect a rescue, they received the thoroughly disappointing news that the Inn had shut down and stopped accepting guests for an indefinite period.

Since then, the silent, standard days that they had gotten used to once again became excruciating and filled with despair. But eventually they were coming to terms with it once more. However, what they did not expect, whatsoever, was to suddenly see someone finally address them regarding something more than just the food they were going to get. What's more… he was holding a system.

"Recognize this?" he asked, in a tantalizing tone.

The Rhinocentaurs immediate impulse was to deny everything, but they had spent too long here and had been exposed to a lot of very strange things, not to mention this entirely new, extremely energy rich area they were in. They had no idea what powers the Inn had at its disposal, so the idea of lying was quickly disposed of. Not to mention, they had already been interrogated once regarding systems, and the third of them who had a system had gone missing so long ago…

"It's a system," one of the rhinos said gruffly. Even if they were trapped at the mercy of others, it did not mean that they could show weakness. In a way, their own pride was all they had left.

"Yes, I recall you all came to the Inn with the intention of hunting guests with systems. You even had a way to identify who had a system and who didn't. I've put this off for a long while, but how about we discuss how inappropriate your behavior was. To be honest, I put off having this conversation because I was hoping someone would come and rescue you, but it seems I was overthinking."

The Rhino's froze, and didn't know how to respond to that. The rescuer had been coming, but was locked out. Did the fact that this tiny human had been waiting for them to be rescued mean that he was stronger than him? It was hard to compare. Even though the Inn was extremely impressive, and showed them incredible things, the reach of the groupchat was not small either. Some of its senior members were famous across the entire universe.

For a very long time, Lex had mastered the art of reading the thoughts of whoever he was talking to based on their facial and body expressions. There was also his sixth sense which helped him know exactly how a conversation was going. But his abilities became weaker when it came to other races, for it was harder to read their expressions.

Now, though, with his recent upgrade, he discovered that while he still struggled with the same stuff, he could read their soul language! It was a lot more revealing! In fact, Lex would go as far as to call it a lie detector ability, but that would be too one dimensional. Not only could he very easily detect lies, but also whatever emotions the others were feeling.

While it was also thoroughly revealing to the swirl of emotions his targets were feeling, and brought a whole new aspect to interrogation, it also made Lex grateful for the Host Attire. He might not even be able to keep up his facade for a fraction of a second if the Host Attire didn't hide everything about him.

Through the unexpected rise and fall in emotions, he could sense that the two were likely expecting a rescue but faced some obstacle. Nevertheless, he did not confront them. It would be better for him if they remained blissfully unaware of his ability to detect what they were feeling.

"I feel like you two have probably been able to stretch your legs in a while, right?" Lex said, as he released the chains binding them. He was not afraid they would escape because, well, where would they go?

The Rhinos were surprised, and stood up hesitantly. They didn't know what to expect, especially when the human in front of them kept tossing the system up and catching it. They had put so much effort into procuring a system, and even got imprisoned because of their attempts, but he was playing with it like a ball. Where was the fairness of life?

"I'm sure you have many doubts, and I have many questions. Normally we'd go through the whole process where I'd ask you stuff, you'd deny knowing anything. Then I'd punish you, and you would still deny it, so on and so forth until you either tell me what I want, or you become incapable of responding. I'm sure you've been expecting something like that to happen, right?"T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The Rhinos exchanged looks. In fact, not only had they been expecting it, they had also thoroughly prepared for the eventual interrogation. As mere basic members of the groupchat, they did not have access to many features, such as the emergency retrieval which would teleport them to a designated safe spot created by one of the groupchat members, or the overriding function, which would override their memories so that through any interrogation they can provide answers that seem real, but don't implicate the chat in any way. After all, if they try to reveal the chat, they will get punished by the groupchat accordingly.

But that aside, they were given a thoroughly vetted list of answers they can give without compromising themselves while satisfying the interrogators. In fact, they had been given quite a number of those to use according to the situation.

A situation where, instead of being tortured, they were treated fairly was also addressed. Both of them suddenly pulled up the relevant chat within their view so that they could refer to it as needed.

They remained completely unaware that, even though Lex had his back turned on them, he could read all the emotional fluctuations their soul was going through, and somewhat guess what was happening in their mind.

"It would be best if we can avoid that," one of them finally said. "When we came to the Inn, we had no ulterior motives against the Inn, and were unaware of the rules. If we are given an opportunity to redeem ourselves, then we will do what we can to aid the Inn with whatever it needs. After all, like I said, we had no intentions against the Inn when we arrived. The whole process that we went through was quite regrettable, especially considering that a platform such as the Death match was already given. We should have just used that."

Lex nodded.

"Yes, it was quite regrettable what happened. Although, the Death match was not a service that was created so you can force or harass people into accepting it. Even though John returned from the match recently, and quite successfully I might add, I do believe he was quite irritated at it."

Lex did not reveal that John was crippled as a result. His intention was just to reveal to them that the final member of their party was also dead, so that they give up on having any thoughts of waiting for external help.

"As for matters of redemption… well it's not completely off the table, but I think we should put that aside for now. You may not be aware, but the Inn has shut down all teleportation services in and out of the Inn for the foreseeable future. It might be years before they open back up.

"Instead, I think we should talk about making your time here at the Inn more bearable - enjoyable, even. How does that sound? As long as you obey the rules and don't cause any issues, I'll let you roam the lands freely, eat good food, interact with the people, and even cultivate again. How does that sound?"

How easily Lex dismissed the topic of their redemption unnerved them, but his offer was too good to be ignored. Even if they could interact with others through the groupchat and weren't exactly restricted in that sense, there was no comparison to actually being free.

"What do you need from us?"



Chapter 1017 Systems

Lex smiled upon hearing the question. Talking to them was already plenty informative without them revealing anything at all. He learnt that they were expecting a rescue, but they were suddenly greatly disappointed by something. Lex could only assume that they learnt of the teleportation ban which then upset them because it delayed their rescue.

It was also interesting to learn that in spite of everything they had learnt about the Inn, they retained quite a bit of confidence in being rescued. Clearly their background was not simple, despite themselves being quite weak.

Although they had been taken aback by Lex's casual offer, and were unnerved by the system, they quickly gathered themselves and became somewhat composed.

"What do I need from you? Shouldn't it be obvious?" Lex questioned back, and showed them a knowing smile. As if to add emphasis to what he was saying, he became a little more obvious with his movements in throwing and catching the system.

"We… we don't have any systems," one of the Rhinocentairs said, but became quiet when Lex gave him a look as if he were looking at an idiot.

"Look, the more you reveal willingly, the more freedoms I'll allow you. I'm trying to be nice about this, but if you waste my time I'll let someone handle you two. Maybe the baby Cthulhu. He feeds on the pain and suffering of others, or something along those lines, and his mother has been really concerned about his insufficient diet. You wouldn't want to attract their attention now would you?"

In fact, the truth was far from what Lex had portrayed. Since he arrived in this new realm, the baby Cthulhu had been exceptionally excited, and had been feeding nonstop without needing to actively harm anyone himself. He had been gaining some weight even.

The Rhinocentaurs trembled just a bit. Of course they knew about Cthulhus. In fact, one of the top 500 members of the groupchat had a Taming Cthulhus to cultivate system, which made them especially well known.

There had once even been someone with a Taming dragons to cultivate system, but a very senior member of the groupchat who happened to be a dragon convinced the owner to hand it over without causing a fuss. What happened to it after that was completely unknown, and a topic of great speculation among the chat members.

The Rhinocentaurs exchanged looks. Lex's lack of asking a question out right put them under a lot of pressure. They didn't know exactly how much would satisfy him, or even if he would keep his word. Was it worth it to hold onto secrets when revealing them could allow them some extent of freedom.

Considering that they might be here for years still, they had a brief discussion in the groupchat, and decided to go with the prepared list of answers that was the most revealing. The carrot that Lex was dangling in front of them was too tempting, and the stick hidden from view too dastardly, for them to take any risks. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"We can tell you everything but… but there are certain topics we cannot reveal, or our souls will immediately be erased. If you try to remove the restriction, the same thing will happen. Even… even if El Posadero tries, it might be the same."

"El Posadero?" Lex mused to himself with a raised eyebrow. He knew what the other meant, but this was the first time the universal translator had translated something to a language other than english. It was The Innkeeper in spanish.

"Can you tell me what these topics are?" he asked. He could tell that they were being sincere, but if they couldn't reveal anything about their backgrounds, then he would be suffering a loss.

"Anything relating to our background," one Rhinocentaur said.

"We also can't reveal anything relating to systems to anyone who doesn't already know about them but… that obviously doesn't apply to you."

"Alright, well, how about we focus on systems. Tell me everything you can, and we'll go from there."

"Systems have, for as far as anyone can tell, always existed, from the earliest days of the universe. Obviously for people like us it's hard to get in contact with anyone from the Primary realm - the very first realm that was created alongside the universe itself - but ancient records show signs of things that might be systems even back then.

"No one knows the origins of systems, so it is heavily speculated that systems are naturally occurring and are born with every new realm. Although that theory is heavily contested, owing to the fact that fewer and fewer newborn systems have been discovered in recent years."

"What do you mean by newborn systems?" Lex asked.

"Most systems you will encounter will be between E and A grade, and will have already been through a number of other hosts. Depending on how much time has passed between a system having a previous host, and treating you as one, you might be able to inherit what the system was previously, or have a new type of system created for you. But a system which has never had a host before is called a newborn system, and it is at its weakest state.

"It also needs to be noted that depending on the grade of a system, their preference for host species will also change. A lower grade system will not synchronize well with a species with a high inherent cultivation level."

Lex absorbed the information, and finally received an answer he had long been wondering about. Every system he encountered would be the same for him as its previous host, but the Midnight Inn system seemed to have been different when it was with Mary.

This piece of information made no difference to him, as his only purpose was to absorb systems to allow him to heal, but others might choose to wait if the system they encountered was incompatible with themselves. Of course, this was on the premise that they had such information available to them.



Chapter 1018 Deal

﻿﻿It was also curious that a low grade system would avoid beings with higher inherent cultivation levels, meaning the cultivation level they were born with. In that case, shouldn't his system have preferred someone else with a higher realm? It still made more sense to merge with Bastet than himself.

But perhaps due to its severely damaged state, it was behaving like a low grade or newborn system.

"I've heard that systems prefer to merge with mortals, or those with lower grade cultivation levels. Doesn't that pose an issue for you while searching for systems to absorb?"

The two Rhinocentaurs looked at Lex with confusion.

"We've… never heard of a system choosing a host, so we're not sure about that. Maybe our level is too low to get in contact with such information. But most of the folks I know actively search for systems themselves and fuse with them, so while it may result in less than perfect synchronization, it still works. Even for those who accidentally got a system, by dropping blood on it in its sealed state for example, are usually initiating the merging process themselves, even if they don't know it at the time."

"What else do you know about systems?"

"That… they serve as a shortcut to growing stronger? They make it easier to get access to incredibly rare treasures, though their quests are not easy to complete. For us common folk with no background, it's immensely useful. However, for higher cultivation leveled beings or those with large backgrounds on the universal level, they might not be so attractive.

"After all, everything a system can do, high leveled cultivators can do on their own. For a system to tempt them, it would have to be truly a very high level one, but I've never heard of a system going above A grade, so it's very unlikely.

"Besides that, there are ways to make your system stronger by absorbing other systems, but that has a limit. For example, there is only so much growth a B rank system can get from absorbing an E rank system. Once that limit is reached, absorbing more of such graded systems yields no results. I've heard rumors that certain people also upgraded their systems using exceptionally rare items they found from ancient ruins or from Minor realms that had been sealed for eons, but those are just rumors. There's no proof to support such a claim."

The Rhinos stopped speaking and looked at Lex warily, hoping that he would be satisfied. Lex did learn something, such as the speculation that systems were actually naturally occurring, and that there might be a chance to find one in a newly formed realm. But those were just suspicions and there was no proof.

The fact that higher level cultivators weren't interested in systems was also new information, although it made some sense if what they got were low level systems. But one as powerful as his, which could take control of an entire realm even in its weakened state, would likely be attractive to anyone at all!

"Is that it? Is that all you know?" Lex asked, noticing that they stopped speaking.

"That really is everything," they replied.

"What about how you find systems? How do you tell if someone has a system or not? Why don't you check me to see if I have a system."

"We… we can't really reveal those things," they said with the utmost reluctance, hoping Lex would not get angry.

"What about scanning me? Can you scan me to see if you find a system? Or, better yet, can you search for systems and tell me where they are?"

"We… we had a way to search for system users but… we don't anymore."

It sounded like they were lying, which is why they were so hesitant answering, but that really was the case. They only had the most basic equipment to search for system users, and as soon as they were captured a failsafe in those equipment pieces were triggered, destroying them.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Lex frowned, which scared the Rhinocentaurs a bit. He could tell they were telling the truth, but if they could not search for signs of systems across his new realm, then he had little to no use of them for now.

How could he possibly gain from this situation? How could he use them to improve his chances of restoring his system in some way? Honestly speaking, he couldn't come up with an answer to that question.

But… upon thinking a bit, he did come up with a possible theory. He had no proof of it whatsoever, and it was a complete longshot, but at the same time, he found it hard to deny that it was possible.

The Rhinocentaurs confidence despite seeing the scale of the Inn, their assurance that they would be rescued, their extensive knowledge about systems, the fact that they even dared to insinuate that even the Innkeeper might not be able to remove their restrictions, all created a situation where Lex could believe a certain possibility.

He had already been informed by the mysterious man who guided him and told him how to fix Regal Embrace also mentioned a groupchat for system users. He could believe that a group of mysterious system hunters were possibly connected to exactly such a groupchat.

But it would be too coincidental. How could he run into them already? But at the same time, the fact that the mystery man had even warned him might mean that he foresaw exactly such an interaction in his future.

When he reached that thought, he was willing to make an attempt.

He looked at the two Rhinocentaurs, who were nervously staring at him. It was a funny sight - two massive, hulking creatures looking at a tiny human baby with fear.

"Alright, I believe you. I won't ask you any more questions on this matter - for now. Instead, I'll offer you a deal. As long as you can fulfill the conditions of this deal, you can continue to enjoy freedom. At the same time, no one will ask you how exactly you're fulfilling it either. But if you fail, even once, then it's straight back to prison for you. So what do you think, are you interested in such a deal?"



Chapter 1019 Blackmail

﻿﻿The Rhinocentaurs felt like laughing. Were they even in a position to reject any single offer? Clearly, Lex could pressure them however he wanted and they would most likely obey. After all, no one would want to be locked up, unable to move for years on end without anything to do.

Not to mention… if they were given free reign to roam around in the Inn, they could share information about it on their groupchat and hopefully increase their chances of a rescue somehow.

"Can you… share the specifics of the deal?" they asked hesitantly. After all, Lex couldn't expect them to agree to the deal without knowing the details, right? Fortunately, while Lex was fully ready to take advantage of them, he was not sadistic about it.

"It's nothing too difficult, or major. Just share one piece of news from somewhere else in the universe everyday. It has to be a significant piece of news, not something random like little Timmy broke his first tooth or something along those lines."

The Rhinocentaurs froze. Although it was not stating this out loud, wasn't this more or less accusing them of having the groupchat! No, wait, there was no need to jump to conclusions.

"Is there… some kind of inter-realm portal or news network available? Or perhaps some information merchants? A universal outlet of some kind?"

"Naturally not," Lex said, as if it was the most obvious answer. "The borders of the Midnight Inn are shut down, and no one can come in or go out. It is the same for any regular means of contact outside."

"Then… then how are we supposed to share news from other realms?"

"Hey, I already said that I won't ask how you do it. That also means it's none of my concern. Do not worry, when you share the news we will have means of knowing whether you're telling the truth or lying. This deal is also separate for both of you, meaning each of you will have to deliver a piece of unique news from the outside universe. As long as you can do that, you can be free. How does that sound? It's simple, right?"

A silence hung between them as neither Lex nor the Rhinocentairs spoke. How was this simple? This was the height of unreasonableness! Unless… unless he already knew about the groupchat!

The most ingenious thing was that by saying he wouldn't ask how they got the news, he had created a way for them to deliver it without exposing the chat. But if they did, they would indirectly reveal it. While such a situation would not cause them to suffer any backlash, as there was always room for misunderstandings, it scared them even more than the thought of being tortured.

So the Midnight Inn was… aware of the groupchat, yet at the same time did not hesitate to blackmail the two of them? Was it really such a significant force? Did they really not fear retaliation?

It had to be known that while what they said was true, which was that high level cultivators don't covet systems, they also said that systems allow cultivators to grow stronger much faster. That meant that there were more than just a few experts in their groupchat - including Dao lords!

It was another story altogether that the Rhinocentaurs, at their level, could not get in touch with them at all! But still, shouldn't they still show some reverence?

After the silence extended on for too long, Lex did not become doubtful, because he could sense their emotions. In fact, he decided to continue pressuring them.

"Of course, this deal only extends to being free. If you want privileges, such as the right to earn MP, and the right to spend it, you need to give sufficient information as well. By the way, the deal resets every day so be vigilant."

The Rhinocentaurs were caught in a tough spot, but the thought of being stuck for years, maybe even decades helped them strengthen their resolve. As long as they don't break any official rules, who cares?

"Fine. We accept this deal."

"Great, I'll pass on the news. Every 24 hours, report to the Midnight manor to pass on the news of the day. I'll suppose someone already said this to you when you arrived, but I'll say it one more time. Welcome to the Midnight Inn, I hope you enjoy your stay. By the way, if you learn something significant about systems, you can share that information with me - and me only. I'll give you an extra reward if it's worth it."

By now, Lex was 90% certain that they were a part of the groupchat, if not something similar. That also meant that by letting them lose he was also exposing the Inn and all its information. Unfortunately, the Inn was a public place to begin with. Nothing about it, save his own identity, was supposed to be a secret. Anyone could have access to it at any time, in normal situations, which meant that anything that was revealed to the chat was not really a secret to begin with. There were countless ways for them to gather such information.

As such, the small risk of exposure was not really worth preventing this deal. Besides, once the Rhinocentaurs got used to this deal, and let down their guard, would be when Lex would truly begin milking them for what they were worth. A true capitalist knows when to take a step back for greater profits in the future!

Those short term profit capitalists were just juniors in the world of finance. What did they know about the universe?

The Rhinocentaurs reluctantly nodded, before Lex teleported away, once again using his own powers rather than the Attires. It felt so… intriguing and refreshing to know that he could teleport as he wished when, just a couple of years ago, it was an amazing feat the likes of which flipped his entire world.

With the preliminary interrogation over, and the system absorbed from John, Lex began to finish up the last of his duties. He implemented the countless changes that were requested by those he gathered in a meeting in his office, and made a few more of his own.

Primarily, he made houses and residences that were much larger than normal, and could easily accommodate Leopolds. If the locals of this realm came and they didn't even have houses fit to let them stay, the prestige of the Inn would suffer.

He looked forward to the day he could conjure up buildings with a wave of his hand himself, the way the Host Attire allowed him to do.

The last few days with his powers left him feeling slightly nervous as he was hoping to prepare as much as possible. At a certain point, he even stopped to wonder why he was feeling this nervousness when he had gotten so used to dealing with catastrophes and unexpected issues.

The only reasonable answer he could come up with was that, much like John, he had built a subconscious dependance on the reliability of the system. Now that it was going away, even temporarily, he could not help but become agitated.

But he found such a glaring weakness in himself unacceptable, so he forced himself to confront the feelings head on. It did not really help, but he continued to do it nonetheless.

Eventually, though, the time eventually came. His Host Attire was about to lose its powers.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

He did not perform a grand goodbye, or make his departure known. Besides Mary, no one knew when he took it off and the Innkeeper disappeared.

Until he healed the system, he would be the Innkeeper no more. It was a strange thought. He was too used to being the Innkeeper. Even though he acted as Lex much longer, he somehow felt that his time as the Innkeeper was always more impactful.

But the truth was, underneath, he was always Lex. It was important to remember that, lest he develop some kind of split personality!

He absorbed the Lone assassin system as well, just before departing. Even the familiar interface of the system, which would stay with him despite the Host Attire powering off, disappeared. It would return once his system absorbed the other one. Hopefully he would get a big percentage boost, considering this system was C+ which was a very high rank.

He teleported back to the sealed domain and looked at it.

"You ready to look for the entrance, Pel?" he asked.

"Master, I've been thinking all this time. It's highly unusual for this domain to not have multiple entrances. It's a basic requirement to keep the domain functioning. But I realized, that was only the case if the domain was natural and self sustaining. If someone else set it up purposefully, and are powering it themselves, then there is no such requirement."

"What does that mean? That there might not be an entrance at all?"

"Well, we will need to investigate. But, I have some theories about who, or which race, could achieve such a thing."



