Chapter 900 Second test

﻿﻿Unlike the previous part of the temple, which displayed some lag in returning to life, the area that Lex entered now reacted to his presence immediately. The lights immediately turned on, and in mere moments, the smell of incense began to fill the halls.

Even though this area could only be accessed after a test, the halls looked roomier and, in a way that was imperceptible if focused on, somehow more grand. It was as if by perfecting, or altering, the tiniest of details that one never even took in, the impression of this area had been improved dramatically.

Clearly, this area was designed to hold more people than the first. In a way, it made sense. If anyone were to enter the temple, they would surely be in a rush to increase their authority and gain access to the better services of the Inn.

He did not get much time to admire the cozy ambience, for he was led directly to the entrance of the next test. There were over 1000 different test doors, each one designed to test and award authority based on different criteria. But since the services Lex was eventually going to avail had to do with combat strength, increasing his authority this way made the most sense.

The door opened with a rumble to reveal a wall of smoke which quickly spread now that it had somewhere to go. The sound, the smell, the subtle influence of the aura from within all were perfectly aligned to build a feeling of anticipation and suspense that went along with facing a difficult challenge. No doubt these were designed to feed upon the already existing nervousness of the contestant.

Lex merely appreciated the extra effort even though it did not seem like it was needed, and walked through the wall of smoke. The smoke did not block just his vision but his spirit sense as well, but it did not surround him long.

When he emerged, he found himself standing in an abandoned courtyard. Lex turned to look back, and found that the entrance through which he came was absent. In its stead was a stone arch atop a small bridge, which connected the courtyard to a complex walkway that seemed to be connected to endless other courtyards. He no longer seemed to be in the temple, but out in the open somewhere. But since Lex never felt the use of spatial laws, he could only assume that all of this was some kind of illusion.

"DO YOU WISH TO BEGIN?"

The words appeared in front of him again, and Lex unhesitantly pressed 'Yes'. As if activated by his acceptance, the sky turned a shade of red, as if affected by the setting sun, and long shadows covered the courtyard he was standing in. The scene suddenly turned ominous.

Lex did not see his opponent, but perhaps that was the point.

He scanned the courtyard with his eyes as well as his other senses, but discovered naught but the absence of any other living being. Mateo had not warned him what the test would entail, so Lex had no choice but to explore.

Since the courtyard was empty, he turned around and left, summoning his new, massive sword.

In the resounding silence, even the soft wind sounded like a hurricane, and the leaves it carried like organic wind chimes. Lex's footsteps made no sound this time around, as he consciously put in some effort to restrain himself. The effect of his own hard work was only amplified by the Stealth suit that he wore.

After exploring a bit, Lex concluded that he seemed to be walking the grounds of a large castle of some kind, with each courtyard intending to be an individual class. For some reason, Lex could visualize hundreds of students practicing martial arts on these grounds, like in an old Chinese film.

After a while, when he became used to the identical scene each courtyard presented him with, Lex finally spotted something new.

Instead of being empty, the latest courtyard he approached seemed to have a body lying right in the middle, a pool of blood spreading around it. The fact that the pool of blood was still spreading meant that injury was recent.

'Woosh!'

Though his gaze was locked on the body, Lex moved his hand and covered his body with the massive sword, using its blade to block some of the leaves that seemed to be passing by harmlessly. A few sparks formed where the leaves hit the blade, before they fell to the ground. They were actually leaf 'blades'!

"An assassination…" Lex muttered as he turned around, but still saw nothing. It made sense. The first test was a direct confrontation, so the next one tested his awareness. He did not know the number of foes, their weapons or their means, which placed him at a great disadvantage.

Moreover, while he had been able to easily sense the attack, with both his own conscious senses as well as his instincts, he had not been able to lock down on the attacker.

"Not bad," Lex commented. If the attacker was in the same realm as him, as was the case in the previous test, then it was worth praise that the assassin could hide from him. This one was already more interesting than the first test. Lex actually started to look forward to all the other tests and what they had in store for him.

With no more attacks coming his way, Lex turned his attention back towards the body and began approaching it.

It seemed to be a female human, if one were to judge by the long hair alone. The figure and the details of the body were obscured by the angle at which it lay, though the pool of blood still seemed to be growing.

Lex did not seem in a hurry as he approached the body, massive sword still in hand, but even as he reached the body itself, nothing more happened.

Due to his… stature… Lex did not need to bend down, to touch the body. He simply reached out, held it by the shoulder, and turned it over. A completely decayed skull revealed itself, a lingering aura of dread attached to it, as if immortalizing the last emotion felt by her.

Even in the silence, Lex did not hear the sprinting assassins, but he sensed their arrival, anyway. He turned around, swinging his sword once more to deflect their attacks, and finally laid eyes on two ninjas, throwing darts at him.

The moment his sword blocked the darts, the dead body on the ground behind him seemed to come to life and stabbed towards his tiny heart with a hidden knife.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Even though Lex had every confidence that the attack would never harm him, he saw no reason to let the attack even land.

When the defensive suit was being made, Geeves had a vision of the hopelessness of his enemies when they barely broke through his suit, only to be unable to harm him at all. Now, after experiencing it himself, Lex decided to add a layer to it.

Why should he let the attacks even touch him in the first place? This way, his enemies would have to first overcome the obstacle of landing the hit in the first place before they even worried about breaking through his suit.

Lex manipulated space, slowing down the assassin dressed as a corpse, and jumped out of the way. He would have been fast enough to dodge on his own, but since he used space in combination with his skills to defeat the previous armor, he saw no reason to revert back to old habits.

Since he was training, he should improve his combat style every opportunity he got.

In the air, Lex saw the corpse-assassin moving slowly, as if his entire body was moving through quicksand. Sensing an opportunity, he hurled his sword at him, reverting space back to normal just as the blade came within range.

The assassin tried to evade, but the width of the sword was too massive, and impaled him to the ground. Now he was bleeding out for real.

The remaining two ninja-assassins had not been lazing about. They closed the distance to Lex and drew two short swords and attacked him while he was still in the air. A multitude of ideas crossed Lex's mind, but he settled for the simplest one.

As soon as the assassins neared, Lex stretched out his hands without fear of injury, and grabbed the blade of the swords and pulled the assassins closer before they let go. Since they had attacked Lex while he was in the air, they found themselves without any support as they were pulled through the air according to Lex's whims.

Lex spun, mimicking a maneuver he saw Gisele do once, and positioned the swords in such a way that they ended up stabbing the other assassin.

By the time Lex landed, all three assassins were dead. It was time for the next test.



Chapter 901 Lex's boat

﻿﻿Instead of directly moving on, Lex studied the three dead assassins for a while. Their bodies did not disappear once the test concluded, so Lex had the opportunity to learn something from them, even if just a little.

With his left eye, he studied their bodies, looking for traces of abnormal laws while he used his hands to check their bodies for unusual muscle growth. He also searched for any treasures or items which may have had special effects. The fact that these assassins had been able to hide from him was not ordinary, especially since they were in the same realm as him.

To compare, the devils who had attacked him back when he was absorbing divine energy from Ra were at the peak of the Nascent realm, but none of their techniques worked on him. Whether they tried to curse him, physically attack him, use techniques, or anything else. They firmly remained under the supervision of his senses as well as his instincts, so he knew at all times that none of their attacks would work.

In comparison, these assassins could not hurt him either, but did manage to avoid detection. There was a better way of finding out the answer, which was to ask Mateo. Lex planned on doing that as well. But he wanted to conduct his own investigation first and then compare his conclusion with the answer.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

They had nothing on their person save some weapons, but studying their bodies did reveal something. Their skin had undergone some kind of treatment. That did not directly make it easier for them to stay hidden, but Lex suspected that this treatment perhaps amplified the effects of some technique.

The corpse-assassin had undergone a similar, yet different, treatment. It was probably one which allowed him to use a technique that made him appear dead.

Once he had learned everything he could, he finally moved on. No longer dwelling on the differences in the deeper parts of the temple, Lex asked Mateo how the assassins could stay hidden so well.

"Everything in the temple is to the standard of the temple. Those assassins were designed to mimic real assassins from one of the best of such organizations at the time. Your instincts are prophetic in nature. That means they use a combination of your enhanced senses as well as some influence from the laws of fate, destiny, probability and many more as such.

"So then confusing them is simple. The target need only hide from those laws, or better yet, manipulate those laws so you sense nothing instead of them. These assassins in particular were trained and cultivated in such a manner that their bodies were ignored by those laws on a lower level.

"As a result, this test was conducted as if someone really wanted to assassinate you, and had studied your abilities and attacked accordingly. The fact that the assassins were limited to your own level was a limit of the test, but if you had faced the same test at a higher level, not only would the assassins have been prepared specifically to counter your abilities, but their cultivation level would have been different as well."

"I thought low level cultivators couldn't use laws," Lex commented, slightly bitter that his deduction had been off. But at the same time, it was interesting to see how his exposure affected his world view. If he increased his knowledge substantially, something he suspected the temple could help with, there would be fewer chances for him to be caught unaware.

"They don't. The assassins themselves don't interact with laws at all. It is just that they have been trained, and then cultivated in such a way that their bodies mimic the effects of a physique. They have false or fake physiques, or that's how you can understand it. Basically, someone much stronger than them is responsible for giving them this ability, but they are harvesting its benefits."

Lex contemplated on this while he was led to the next test. Feeling no need to rest, Lex entered immediately and found himself standing on a small fishing boat. The waters around him extended endlessly until they met the horizon, which could only be seen for mere moments amidst the storm.

Heavy rain pelted him and his boat, while lightning and thunder rocked the skies. Large tumultuous waves threatened to capsize the tiny boat and swallow Lex into the dark waters underneath.

Although Lex did not suffer from thalassophobia, he was not exactly keen on entering the water. He immediately erected shields around his tiny boat, and then formed space barriers around it as well.

Lex had reduced his reliance on arrays as of late, but that did not mean he had forgotten that he had it in his arsenal. Without waiting for some deep sea creature to attack him, as he suspected might happen in this test, he used a stronger, more refined version of his lightning tribulation array.

The clouds and lightning above only fed into his array's power, increasing the potency of his attack. Like the hammer of judgment, a thick bolt of lightning slammed into the tumultuous waters.

For the briefest of moments, the darkness below was illuminated and Lex's pupils shrunk. It was not one deep sea creature underneath, but a whole host of them.

They were coming from the depths, and approached his tiny boat while encircling him. The nearest one was already almost upon him. The lightning strike had momentarily stunned it, but it was not enough to stop it.

As daunting and horrific as the situation seemed, Lex was not deterred. Between him and the deep-sea creatures, it was yet to be determined which one was the monster.

Standing upon the boat that seemed completely unaffected by the waves, Lex began conjuring dozens of arrays.

Lightning struck the water, and the waves reached out to the heavens in defiance. Instead of a test, this seemed more like a battle between myths from Earth, Zeus and Posiden. In between was Lex, his boat an undisturbed bastion in the endless chaos.



Chapter 902 Not again





?Unlike the previous tests, where Lex won after exchanging just a few moves, this one took him a little over an hour. The deep-sea creatures, still in the Golden core level, seemed to have a very strong resistance to lightning. The only reason they took any damage at all was due to the tribulation attribute attached to those specific lightning bolts. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

It was a trap which took advantage of his assumption that lightning would naturally work well against creatures in water. It was only after Lex had this realization and changed his form of attack that he made some significant progress.

All Lex needed to do was rely on his left eye to check their weaknesses. If he had done that from the start, he would have avoided wasting time, but he had not since he had made an assumption.

This particular test did not teach him to rely on his left eye, contrary to what it may seem like. Instead, it just emphasized his need for knowledge. If he had known about the creatures from the beginning, he would not have made a mistake. Of course, the simple oversight reminded him that he should always use all the cards available to him.

The creature's weakness was light. The brighter their environment, the more their own biology would prompt them to enter hibernation. All Lex had to do was illuminate the map using his array and all the creatures became extremely drowsy. That also allowed him to take his time and easily target them with Evisceration.

The test was still within his capability, but it had pushed him to use more of his arsenal. Lex's limited combat experience with different enemies made it so that he usually stuck to one kind of skill or ability. These tests were forcing him to use more of them, but that was only increasing his own familiarity with his own abilities. Although Lex had not officially begun training, he was already stronger than when he started.

Still far from exhausted, Lex hurried to his fourth test. He was enjoying them now, and looked forward to what his next challenge would be.

As soon as he entered the next gate, and once again began the test, he found himself in a lava filled cavern. The environment was complex, and there were many tunnels leading deeper into whatever area he was in. But reaching the tunnels was not so simple. Rivers of lava flowed all around him, and a few lava falls also obstructed his path.

The energy in this environment was also boiling, and Lex suspected that if he had not bonded with Lotus, he would have faced some minor irritation while absorbing this energy.

Due to waves of heat that seemed somehow radioactive as well, Lex could not cross over the lava rivers, nor come anywhere near the flowing lava.

The ground he was standing on was only slightly higher than the rivers and displayed signs of approaching a melting point as well. His feet were already somewhat sinking into what should have been solid rock. If Lex knew his new weight, that would have made sense, but he did not stick around to see how long it would take for him to drown in rock.

Using his left eye, his spirit sense as well as his more mundane senses, Lex studied his surroundings as he tried to gain some distance from the lava. He was also on the lookout for enemies, but so far, he had not detected any signs.

After walking around for a bit, Lex concluded that at one point or another, he would definitely have to cross the lava, for there was no access to any of the tunnels from where he stood. He used Harden and erected a few shields around himself before leaping over one of the rivers.

He anticipated an issue while crossing. After all, this was a test, so how could it be simple? But even he was not prepared for the fact that his shields caught fire as if kindling brought close to a great flame.

Since Lex was on guard, he immediately identified the problem. As expected, the lava that surrounded him was far from ordinary. It was burning up anything that contained spirit energy, save for the very hot energy that filled the cavern. Or perhaps, that burning hot energy was the residue of every other kind of energy being completely burnt.

Lex immediately canceled the techniques lest the fire follow the energy to him and directly start burning his Golden core! But while that put out the flames, he was left exposed to the hot air above the lava.

As if composed of the most toxic and corrosive gasses, they buffeted him, leaving a fierce burning and irritation all over his skin. His baby hairs, nearly invisible though they were, burnt to a crisp, leaving his delicate skin covered in ash and soot.

With watery eyes, Lex jumped forward to build a distance between himself and the lava, hopefully getting closer to an exit. It was unusual that the hot air affected him so badly even though he had stayed far from the lava, but that only motivated him to keep his distance.

As he wiped his eyes and entered a tunnel leaning upwards, he did not drop his guard. This was the perfect opportunity for him to be ambushed.

The ground trembled beneath his feet and a shockwave traveled through the cavern, causing a few rocks to fall from the walls into the flowing lava beneath.

Lex froze as a sense of horror filled him. That was not the tremor of a massive creature approaching - no. It was an earthquake, and in such a situation, Lex could not help but think that it was a prelude to an eruption.

"No, please, not again," murmured Lex as extended his senses to his utmost and picked up his pace. How many times had he run from a volcanic eruption by now? Why did it always have to be lava? He'd like to get caught up in an avalanche from time to time, and get some distance from all this heat.

Even as he ran, a premonition filled his mind. Most likely, the eruption would happen soon.



Chapter 903 Not a bad idea





?With danger imminent, his instincts once again began to do their job and provided him with a solution. The answer to his problem was straightforward. The network of tunnels he was running through was extremely complicated as is, and had an added layer of difficulty due to the fact that they were arranged in a formation of some kind.

The purpose of the formation seemed to be specifically to confuse him. No matter how much time he took, and how he explored the tunnels, he would not be able to find an exit.

In such a situation, the answer should have been simple. All Lex needed to do was dig upwards to exit, right?

Unfortunately, even that seemed to be a trap. Vaguely, he could sense that gravity was being manipulated within this vast underground network. What he thought was down and up may actually be deceiving. There was no way to determine which direction the exit was in.

Although Lex was not out of options, for once he had no way at all to see through the formation that trapped him. When he looked with his left eye to study the laws, he was indeed able to see the ways to make the formation stronger or weaker. His left eye always showed him a way to progress or degrees how the laws behaved contained within anything he looked at.

The only difference was that previously, whenever he saw a method to weaken or breakthrough, there was an element of physical weakness to it that he could exploit. But the formation around him was exceptional in ways that were beyond his understanding. If he wanted to destroy it using physical strength, he would have to grow stronger by an order of magnitude!

The next easiest way to unravel the formation, or manipulate its associated laws was by manipulating some other laws to act on it in certain ways. That was beyond Lex's ability.

In short, he was too weak to destroy it, and lacked the relevant abilities to unravel it. He was sure that there must be other ways to escape the situation since the test was ultimately designed for Golden core cultivators. But he was unable to discover that method in the limited time he had available.

But this was far from enough to demotivate him. Even if Lex could not escape, there were other things he could do. Despite the fact that he had a new cultivation technique which allowed him to learn offensive techniques and master other things, till now what he was best at was defense. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Lex stopped running and studied his surroundings. The tunnels seemed like they were made entirely out of one massive rock with no breaks or joints in between. There was no lava flowing through the tunnel where he stood, but one could easily imagine that this would soon become a path for lava to flow through once the eruption occurred.

Perhaps as the size of the tunnel might even increase as the exposed rock slowly melted under the raging heat while the lava flowed. This meant that even the rock around him was not enough to withstand the heat, but if there was enough of it…

Lex's eyes gleamed as he summoned his sword and walked to the tunnel wall and began cleaving. His sword, channeling a torrent of his spirit energy through it, cut through the stone piece by piece, leaving behind small, misshapen blocks.

His right hand held the sword, but his left hand was focused on drawing arrays. The heated spirit energy in the cavern surged towards the arrays Lex drew, and then seemingly disappeared. For a while, there was no visible reaction. Another tremor spread through the cavern, warning that the inevitable eruption was coming ever closer.

Lex had cut out a small tunnel as he kept removing blocks of stone, and he did not seem to have any intention of stopping. yet a change happened nonetheless. The rocks that he had piled together started to turn red. At first the color change was not too prominent, but eventually when the whole pile changed color it could no longer be ignored. Even the new rocks Lex placed on the pile quickly began to change color.

Under the influence of the arrays Lex was continuously using, powered especially by the heated energy, the rocks finally began melting. As if guided by an unseen hand, the liquid rock moved towards the tunnel and began to line the wall, at which point it began to rapidly cool.

The newly formed rock was darker in color compared to the surrounding rock, so lex could not be certain if it was of the same type. Whether it could tolerate the heat of the eruption like the surrounding rock was uncertain, which is why Lex was determined to use as much of it as possible.

In just a few minutes, the tunnel Lex had dug had been resealed, though Lex continued to dig deeper for a while.

Once he was satisfied by the distance, he sat cross legged and began his second round of preparations. The characters he used in arrays were originally found in nature, and had certain effects even when on their own. Back in the Crystal realm, Lex had also seen how a single character had been used in the design for the entire prison.

As such, he began to carve out a massive symbol around him, channeling the ambient spirit energy into it. This was not an array, but the character was the closest thing to meaning 'barrier' in a single character as far as Lex knew. The purpose of this character was not to protect Lex, but to add a sense of harmony and nature in the barriers he was about to erect. After all, nature was the closest thing to perfection, so he hoped to rely on it for help.

Once that was done, Lex began to use his spatial affinity to condense space around him in the shape of a ball. This would not create a space barrier, but would turn what was originally a small distance, such as a few feet, into hundreds of feet. Or at least, it would replicate the effects of that.

One by one, Lex put up his defenses. At the same time, he made a mental note to look up techniques to help him absorb the energy from an eruption.

Suddenly, Lex froze. Actually… that was not such a bad idea!



Chapter 904 Extreme measures





?A plan took form in Lex's infantile mind. His plan was based on the level of confidence he could summon up on his own ability to survive hazardous conditions. After a moment of contemplation, Lex was fairly confident that he could survive - not that these tests would kill him anyway.

With his plan set and decided, he continued to put up various defenses while specifically avoiding having any that contained spirit energy. After all, this particular type of lava, or fire, seemed to burn it right up!

These defenses included, but were not limited to, arrays that specifically absorbed heat energy to work, space barriers, compressed stone and walls of supercooled rock which were cooled through the use of arrays. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

No sooner had he finished that a massive earthquake came, much stronger than the ones he experienced before. Before the tremors had an opportunity to subside, a massive explosion rocked the entire tunnel network, shaking even the burrow Lex had created.

The temperature drastically increased all of a sudden and a continuous roaring sound engulfed Lex, as if there was heavy machinery at work all around him.

Lex could not tell if the ground was shaking because the earthquake was still going on, or because of the heavy, continuous flow of lava in the tunnels all around him. Either way, the fact that his hiding spot had not instantly been blasted open meant that he had a good chance of surviving this test without issue. But that was no longer Lex's goal.

He extended his spirit sense to study what was happening outside, and quickly learnt that the rock around him was melting much faster than he anticipated. All he needed to do was continue to cut into the rock in the opposite direction and he would avoid all contact, but he did the exact opposite.

Now that he had survived the initial blast without issue, he began to remove the many defenses around him, and even tunneled closer to the lava. When he reached the point where he could see the rock turning red, he stopped tunneling at last. He removed his stealth suit, lest it be destroyed, and sat cross legged in nothing but his underwear.

He added some failsafes, just in case they were needed, before putting his back against the melting rock and began to cultivate.

At first, the heated rock felt like nothing more than a warm towel on his back. The transition from that to feeling like he had entered a hot sauna was pretty quick. The rock finally began to melt, yielding under the massive heat and pressure of the flowing lava on the other side. But Lex did not allow the entire wall of rock to melt, but instead left only a portion of it unsupported. The sides of the wall were being rapidly cooled using his arrays.

This way only a small amount of lava started to drip, and fell onto Lex. It was clear that Lex's means would not last, and it was only a matter of time before the entire wall gave way, but his intention was never to stop the lava completely.

He just needed to slow it down while his body and cultivation technique adapted to the heat and pressure. As thick, massive drops of lava fell upon Lex's bare skin, his cultivation technique absorbed the heat from it as if it were ambrosia instead of lava, and began altering his body.

For a time, the lava seemed unbearably hot, even burning his fragile skin, but Lex eventually lost himself in cultivation.

He did not notice when his arrays stopped working, or when the wall rapidly began to melt. He did not notice either when it gave way entirely, and a current of lava fell onto him, carrying his smoking body with it. He did not even notice it when his hair burnt off completely, or when his skin started to cook.

That was because the greater the pressure Lex faced, the faster his cultivation technique altered him. He was changing at a noticeable, perceptible speed. Not only was he growing stronger, his cultivation was improving drastically.

This was the first time he was cultivating since he bonded with Lotus, so he was taken aback by the massive boost it provided.

His body had long been carried away by the flowing lava, and though he suffered burns over every inch of his skin, before the damage could become substantially threatening, the lava stopped affecting him.

Neither its weight, which could barely compare to the liquid he bathed in when he was bonding with Lotus, nor its heat could affect him anymore. In fact, his body was rapidly absorbing the heat and healing him at visible speeds.

A tornado of spirit energy formed around him as he cultivated, and the eruption actually slowed down as the lava around him began to cool.

In just thirty minutes, Lex went from being in the middle of the Golden core realm to the top. If this continued, it would only be a few hours before he reached the peak, and was ready to change his realm!

Mateo, who had been studying Lex's actions to decide his training regimen, threw the clipboard onto the floor as he discarded his current plan. He would need to come up with another plan.

But, instead of starting a new plan on his own, he made a tough decision and used his authority to wake someone else up. This was not fair. He was just a ground manager. Why did he have to deal with a freak?

For that, it was better off if he let another incomprehensible freak deal with the situation.

The process was not straightforward, as waking someone up from dormancy was not a quick thing, even if it was a projection. To be fair, none of them were only projections. It was just that a portion of their brains were being woken up while the remainder of their body continued to be dormant.

It was not time to wake up, but extreme times called for extreme measures.



Chapter 905 Cassandra Vans Agnew

﻿﻿In the end, Lex's fourth test did not end like the rest. He did not walk out of the test after completing it, but rather, the testing site ejected Lex when he clearly possessed the ability to survive, but would not leave.

Seemingly, the test was pretty straightforward. One only needed to avoid the blast in the way Lex had, and burying yourself in the rock walls seemed like a solid idea. But the reality of the situation was far more complex than that.

This lava was far from ordinary, or rather it would be more accurate to say that the fire which resulted in this lava was unique. It could burn spirit energy directly, which was an almost unheard of ability at any but the highest levels.

While Lex felt that the greatest threat was the eruption, the heat and the pressure, anyone else would have been continuously pelted by the 'radiation' of the 'hot spirit energy' produced by that flame. It would have worn them down, torn through their defenses, and killed them - or brought them as near death as they could during a test.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Lex, instead, only felt a minor irritation from it. Even though he had left Regal Embrace behind, making his body unreasonably resilient was a habit he could not break. His new cultivation technique continuously evolving him, while his bond giving him the status of a planet, almost directly molded a path for him. Soon, if he continued on like this his body would be as tough and resilient as a real planet, and his Golden core would be like the core of the planet as well!

Even after being ejected, Lex continued his cultivation for a few hours to allow his body to stabilize. When he opened his eyes, he felt both extremely powerful, and famished!

When he opened his eyes, he saw Mateo standing in front of him alongside a new projection - a mature looking woman whose gaze was like a window through time. Lex felt a subtle pressure on him just from being the subject of that gaze, though he could not understand it. The pressure did not seem physical, nor was it pressing down on his soul. Was it… psychological?

"You have secrets in your body the temple did not initially detect," the woman finally said, her tone neutral yet firm. She was not asking, but stating.

"The inscriptions, especially, are very interesting. Only someone with an exceptional understanding of the human body and soul could have come up with them. I see you have tried to remove them. It is not necessary. Instead, once you cross the threshold of immortality, the features of the inscriptions will become a part of you."

"I've heard one of them is a tracker. I don't want that at all. Besides, I've been told that they will pollute me if I don't remove them."

"Yes, at a glance it does seem like they will pollute you. But those with a deeper understanding of the human body, and the human cultivation path, can determine that it is not pollution. Instead, it will guide your growth. The reason your Empyrean Physique could be detected by the temple at all is because you've already reduced the potency of the inscriptions. Otherwise, your physique would have stayed suppressed and hidden. Even the tracking serves a good purpose. Once you grow, it will naturally turn into anti-tracking.

"Whoever designed these inscriptions was a genius. Were it another age, they would have been invited to the temple for training and guidance. But, that is not why we are here. Instead, we are here to address the issue of your guidance. Upon seeing the hodgepodge manner of your cultivation, Mateo aptly consulted someone more qualified to guide you.

"Young man, reviewing your scan results, as well as observing you up close, gives me a distinct impression. Your cultivation is like a perpetual stew! Like the ancient ancestors of our race, you continuously add everything to the same pot and continue to blend it together, resulting in a hearty and potent stew.

"But we are more advanced than that now, and don't need to rely on such methods. Your potential is enormous, and I would like to help you uncover it. With your permission, I would like to take you on as a student, and teach you properly."

Lex, who was unprepared for such an invitation, quickly considered the woman's words. The information she had given him was conflicting with everything he had learnt so far, and he had no real reason to believe she was right while everyone else he had met was wrong. Moreover, he did not know her identity, background or qualification. He also suspected the act of becoming her student contained some ceremonial significance.

So why then did he feel such a strong sensation of trust towards her? It was the same feeling he had towards Mateo, only stronger this time. It was as if something deep inside of him recognized the temple as a safe space, and did not allow him to raise his guard. Still, he could not dismiss caution based on a feeling.

"Who are you? What can you teach me? What will happen if I become your student?" Lex asked as he threw on his clothes. He had stripped before cultivating since he did not want his clothes to burn in the lava. Caught up in his cultivation, he had not had a chance to put clothes back on this entire time. He could not decide if he should feel ashamed for mooning, or the projections should be accused of being perverts!

"My name is Cassandra Vans Agnew, and I am one of the oldest and strongest living humans in the universe today. Besides that, I cannot tell you much more, as much of my history is linked with secrets of the temple that are not fit to be revealed yet. Becoming my student, at least in the way we are doing things right now, does not hold much more relevance than to establish a relationship based on respect and a desire to teach and learn. If you ever have the opportunity to present yourself before my actual self, there will be an opportunity for something more."

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.



Chapter 906 Get some rest





?Lex used his sixth sense, his instincts and his own better judgment all to determine the veracity of what Cassandra was saying. According to his own judgment, Cassandra did not seem like she wanted something from Lex, or wanted to set him up for something. Instead, her entire being reeked of objective neutrality. If Lex were really forced to assign an emotion to describe what she may be feeling, it might be akin to the feeling of a skillful jeweler upon discovering a unique gem - wanting to ensure the gem was polished and attached to a work that will make it shine like it deserves.

Ultimately, Lex could not detect any reason to doubt her, and the feeling emanating from deep inside of himself won. He stood respectfully in front of her and bowed slightly.

"Please teach me," Lex said humbly. Since he had become the Innkeeper, he hardly ever imagined himself lowering himself before someone else. But in this instance, where the other was much more learned than him and was guiding him, Lex did not feel any resistance or hesitation in bowing.

Cassandra showed the barest hint of a smirk before returning to her neutral expression.

"Before we begin your cultivation or training, we must establish a routine for you. I can see that your body has shrunk to that of a baby's size. Originally my suspicion was that this was a result of an energy deficiency in your body and that once your energy was replenished, you would grow back. But upon further analysis, I can see that in healing, your body truly has returned to an infantile state.

"Even the world's dumbest parent will know that babies need sleep and rest. Although your needs are not exactly the same, not following your body's needs creates a less than optimal result. Before you do anything else, you need to understand your body. It is what you will use your entire life, so the better you understand it and care for it, the better it will support you.

"For the duration of your stay at the temple, I will take care of your routine and nutrition. For the next three days, you must only sleep, eat and rest. Although you feel strong, babies should not be overly exerted. Once your condition returns to your peak after three days, we will begin your training.

"Be aware that once your training begins, it will be excruciating. To avoid any accidents, you will only be trained for a total of one month before you are led to deal with the deity. Mentally prepare yourself." Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Cassandra turned around and indicated that Lex should follow as she led him towards his new bedroom. Lex felt slightly hesitant. Was it really okay for him to be napping around?

But then again, Cassandra had been able to dissect the nature of his inscriptions just as a projection, and apparently saw much more than anyone else. If she said his body needed him to sleep, she was probably right.

With a shrug he followed along until eventually he was brought to a strange, oval pod that opened up to reveal a bed submerged in water. The first thought Lex had was that this was a sensory deprivation pod, but that did not seem exactly right.

"While you sleep, your body will be gently massaged by the bed. The liquid inside is a special healing solution which will not only bring your body to its peak, it will boost your body's ability to heal for the next few weeks. For the next month you will be sleeping in this. It will help you recover fully after each training session, and be prepared for the next day. Now get some rest. When you wake up, I'll have a meal ready for you. Afterwards are a series of light exercises to gently stimulate your body without exerting it."

Intrigued, Lex stepped into the pod. The liquid was warm, and smelled quite soothing and pleasant. He could not help but relax and close his eyes, so that he could focus more on the smell.

It felt so comfortable, he could not help but lie back down and allow half his body to be submerged in the liquid. It covered his ears, but left the remainder of his face above the liquid, so that he had no problem sleeping.

The pod closed, though a dim, warm light filled the inside of the pod - not that Lex noticed. His attention was on the bed that was gently vibrating and moving under his body. Parts of it would protrude out in small spherical shapes, and move around underneath him, massaging his back.

It was physically impossible to resist the sigh of relief that escaped Lex's mouth, moments before he fell into a deep, restful sleep. His muscles relaxed, his mind let go of his worries and his soul allowed itself to simply float in its container.

When he woke up, he felt as if he had entered the pod for only a few seconds, but the difference he felt from his body was tremendous. He woke up feeling extremely fresh and without an ounce of drowsiness, so he got up and pushed open the pod.

He looked around and was surprised to see an entire feast waiting for him on a table right outside his pod. He jumped out, feeling like he had thoroughly acclimated to his new tiny body, and much stronger than he had been when he entered.

It was not just strength that bewildered him. Instead, his body felt so comfortable that he did not know how to describe it.

Still in somewhat of a daze, he grabbed a fruit that was laid out for him and took a bite. His pupils expanded as the fruit gushed out a sweet, pulpy juice staining his baby face and overwhelming his senses with sweetness.

Lex could not help but lick his lips as he glared at the fruit with some greed. In the duration of time it took for him to take a single bite, he completely forgot everything he was thinking before. Now, he was focused entirely on the food.

Opening up his mouth as wide as possible, he buried his face in the fruit.



Chapter 907 A stroll

﻿﻿Lex could not help but groan as he looked at the ceiling, a food coma on the verge of descending. Since he had begun body cultivation, he rarely ever felt full, let alone on the verge of overeating. But at the moment, his condition was worse than if he had been attacked by a hundred enemies.

He felt a couple thousand pounds of weight inside his stomach, and it was difficult to even raise his head let alone move his body. His drool slid out of his open mouth and down his juice stained cheeks.

Had food always tasted that good? He could not remember, because even his brain was lagging under the weight of the amount he had eaten.

Cassandra appeared beside him, holding a familiar clipboard, and was making some notes.

"It seems I overestimated your stomach capacity by 3%," she said out loud, so that Lex could be informed of what was going on with him. "But that's fine, I will make adjustments along the way. The next few days of rest that you will be taking will also allow me to refine the effectiveness of your training plan to a millionth decimal place as I study your body.

"Some of the food that you consumed is actually supposed to be quite poisonous for humans," she commented, her voice never veering out of her neutral tone. "However, that is not the case for you. In fact, some of the foods you ate are also quite bitter and unpalatable for most people. But the reason it all tasted quite amazing to you is because those are exactly what your body needs!T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Cultivation does not magically just create matter! Even as a cultivator, your body needs numerous minerals and vitamins. In fact, you need even more than when you were a mortal. Since I have never seen your body prior to its recreation I cannot comment on it, but I assume that you never had a proper rest and nutrition plan, and just assumed plain cultivation will take care of everything for you.

"You do not need to feel ashamed for not doing it. This is a common misconception - one that we regularly correct at the temple. It's ironic that the Temple of Fasting often focuses on feeding people. That's because 99.99% of those who enter the temple are not qualified to use the fasting feature of the temple. You are also not qualified yet. But pay no mind to that. I will now assign you some light exercise to help with digestion, as well as some herbal tea which will put you in the right psychological and physiological state for your next sleeping cycle. Follow me."

Lex wanted to groan once again, but he could not bring himself to do it with someone else watching. He had never felt so gluttonous in his life, but he could not deny that it felt good.

"Where are you getting all these foods from? Can I get some seeds to plant? It will help me tremendously if I can continue to maintain a healthy diet after leaving the temple," he stated.

For the past few days, he hadn't really talked to Mateo, and now Cassandra, outside of talking about training. It wouldn't hurt to get to know them better, especially since Cassandra was supposed to be one of the 'strongest' humans.

"The temple has a vast storeroom, beyond your imagination. Although we are using our resources on you freely, it mostly considered paying you in advance for taking your help in removing the deity. As such, while it is not a problem to use them on you, we cannot give you seeds, saplings or other aid. That is because while nurturing humans is a part of the temple's mandate, it is restricted to only their 'being' and not their material wealth."

Well Lex's hopes of boosting the Inn using the temple were quashed, but he did not feel too disappointed. The Inn was doing excellent, and he did not believe he needed any hand holding on that front.

"If the temple's mandate is nurturing humans, can I bring in other humans for training if I do it without exposing its location?"

"Previously, the temple opened its doors because it had already been exposed, as well as due to the unique connection your companion had with the temple. Do not expect it to do so again. But if you do, somehow, manage to bring in more humans, the temple will perform its function and train them."

Lex nodded. The connection between the temple and the Inn had not formed yet, despite him using the token so long ago. But since he would be here for at least another month, he was not too concerned yet. Moreover, it made sense that it was not easy to connect to something as mysterious and secretive as the temple.

But for Lex's purposes, the temple was absolutely perfect. He had been thinking about how to train his workers for a long time. He did not want to have them enroll in Ventura, and finding skilled and knowledgeable teachers was not exactly easy. He had been making do with some manuals from the emporium, and using his more high leveled workers as teachers, but now he would not have to.

"Here, this will be simple enough. I want you to walk along this path all the way to the end. That's all you have to do for now. Take as much time as you need, and go at whatever pace suits you," said Cassandra as she approached a new door.

Intrigued, Lex approached and looked inside, and was surprised by what he discovered. He understood that he was supposed to be taking it easy, and that his body required rest. In fact, considering how amazing he felt after listening to Cassandra, he believed she was absolutely correct.

Still, did he really have to stroll through an endless sea of flowers, covering rolling hills that seemed to stretch out into the horizon?

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.



Chapter 908 All for the mission

﻿﻿Lex studied the scene before him, but no matter how he stared, he could see no underlying secret waiting for him to discover. There were no hidden laws that his eye detected and no boon that was awaiting his presence to descend.

He turned to look at Cassandra questioningly, but her projection had already disappeared. Without anyone to question, Lex could only shrug and begin his walk.

At first it took some effort because he was feeling incredibly stuffed. Although the food was delicious, and his body was sending him waves of pleasure and gratification and the nutrition he had sent its way, even his highly advanced digestion could not instantly absorb the food that he had eaten. If Lex had to guess, then everything he ate was probably very powerful and rare, probably meant for beings at a higher cultivation than him.

But as he strolled through the field of flowers, where most of the flowers seemed to be taller than him, he felt a little better. His body did not suddenly digest the food, but the pleasant smell carried by the gentle breeze caused him to relax, and allowed his mind to loosen.

Before he knew it, he spread his arms out to gently touch the flower stalks as he passed by. He fell into a relaxed, meditative state where he had no thoughts other than to simply enjoy his current state.

The path, although exceptionally long, did not provide him with any obstacles. Even its length which, at a glance, appeared abundant, seemed insufficient under Lex's pace. In a completely relaxed state, Lex walked at what was a leisurely pace for himself. But even with his short legs, the strength he contained in each stubby leg was overwhelming, causing to shoot from one hill to the next with each step.

He did not take note of how long he took to pass through the field, but the time felt just right. It was an enjoyable experience, but it did not bore him. He had also finished digesting all the food he had eaten, so he no longer felt uncomfortable and stuffed.

Without needing to be led, Lex walked back to his sleeping pod and entered on his own. He was on a mission to kill Ra's clone as soon as possible, but this was by far the best mission he had ever undertaken!

"Should get one of these pods for the Inn," Lex murmured right before falling asleep in the warm, caressing embrace of the very stated pod!

In his sleep, Lex became slightly tense as he felt the approach of some unusual dreams, but before their arrival something blocked them out, and Lex relaxed. The next day, he woke up feeling even stronger than yesterday! He did not think it was possible that some sleep and food could increase his strength, but that's exactly what was happening.

Outside the pod, like yesterday, a feast awaited him. This time, it was not made up entirely of various fruits, but was more mixed. There were many unfamiliar vegetables, and though Lex did not recognize what animals they came from, Lex noticed various barbeque items, roasts, steamed and pulled meat and more. But the one item on the feast that he did recognize was potato, in all its various forms! There was mashed potatoes, baked potato, french fries, curly fries, some kind of potato sauce, figurines carved out of cooked potatoes and more!ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Lex gulped as he prepared himself for the battle in front of him. Although yesterday Cassandra had said she overestimated his capacity, today there seemed to be even more food!

Before Lex could unleash devastation on this particular battlefield, his resolution to embrace death before dishonor held strongly in his heart, his new favorite teacher appeared beside his pod.

"According to some scans that were monitoring you during your sleep, you encountered an unusual situation in your sleep. A deeper analysis of the situation revealed Sleep Induced Prophecy, a state many oracles accidentally achieve when they are extremely relaxed. The temple blocks out all kinds of divination, so the prophecy was automatically blocked. The reason I am informing you is because today I will add a small lesson to your exercise session. You need to learn to control this particular phenomenon, and prevent it from happening again.

"These prophecies will be a great drain on you, regardless of whatever cultivation level you reach. As you grow stronger, the prophecies will also strengthen, thereby creating a vicious loop where you will always be too weak to support the consumption of these visions.

"This is very important because certain entities can detect the laws associated with prophecies, and influence them to send you wrong information. The deity, as well as the curse trapped within the temple are both entities which can influence you through these channels."

"Not a problem, I am a quick learner," Lex assured her. Although his body was already urging him to attack the food, he had enough self restraint to control himself when it came to important matters.

Almost as if she was purposefully checking how he would react given the stimuli of the food, and the urgency of the information she brought, Cassandra picked up the clipboard and began taking notes.

"You can eat. I will see you after you are done."

She disappeared, leaving Lex to singlehanded face the perils of an all-you-can-eat buffet. He took in a deep breath before launching himself at the nearest dish. His body was screaming at him, as if he had been hungry for a hundred years and finally encountered some food.

He did not question it, but just ripped out a big chunk of meat from what looked like a drum stick that was larger than his face.

"Spicy!" he screamed internally, even as tears began to drip out of his eyes. But he did not stop, or even slow down for that matter. He loved spicy food. EVen if he didn't, he would make the sacrifice and eat it all. It was all for the mission!



Chapter 909 A swim

﻿﻿With all his might Lex slammed down the final pudding cup and let out a satisfying burp, a massive chocolate covered grin painting his face. When was the last time he had burped? He couldn't even recall as that was not the kind of thing one usually took note of, but he was sure it had been over a couple of years.

But as satisfied as he was, the meal was not over yet. Yesterday, he missed out on his herbal tea, so today it was delivered in advance before he went out for a walk. But, more important than that, there was one item remaining that would end the meal properly.

Although filled with a hint of excitement and anticipation, Lex controlled himself and sat cross-legged as he drank his tea.

He imagined himself the protagonist in a kung fu movie as he picked up the small bowl with steam rising out from it. The taste was refreshing, but had a mild, bitter aftertaste that lingered for a few moments.

Normally Lex would not appreciate the bitter taste, but after experiencing such a rich palette from all the food he had, it felt kind of nice. It was as if his taste buds were being cleansed.

He took his time with the tea, and in fact spent some time meditating afterwards once he was done. He did not feel stuffed like he had yesterday, which was curious because he ate more food today. Either the quality of the food was not the same, which Lex highly doubted, or his own capacity had increased today.

Either way, when Lex opened his eyes, he saw the last item for him today. To complete his meal, all that was left was a single cigar. Normally, Lex would refrain from smoking a cigar right after a big meal - not that he smoked many, anyway. But today, since he was given the cigar by Cassandra, he would oblige. After all, as a student, he had to listen to his teacher.

With a gentle touch, he picked up the cigar and examined it, its deep mahogany hue hinting at the unparalleled craftsmanship that went into making it.

He carefully unwrapped the packaging, revealing the prize hidden within. He ran his finger across the length of the cigar, feeling its texture under his skin, before running it under his nose to take a whiff. Even non-smokers had to agree that cigars smelled great!

Once he was done appreciating it, he cut the cap in a neat, clean slice and used the accompanying matchbox to light a flame and caress the cigar with it. A connoisseur would know not to use a lighter for such things, and as someone who had seen the movie Hellboy, he too had gained this sacred knowledge.

As wisps of fragrant smoke began to unfurl, he embraced the moment, a symphony of senses intertwining in anticipation of the unparalleled journey that lay ahead.

As he took in his first draw, Lex felt extraordinarily indulgent. The complicated flavors, the rich notes of aged leather and toasted oak, the exotic spices and elusive hints of sweetness all delivered an unforgettable experience.

Lex opened his eyes and got ready for the next pull, only to find that the cigar in his hands had already turned to ash!

"Wha- what just happened?" Lex could not help but ask, startled.

"That particular blend was too strong for you," said Cassandra, her projection having appeared beside him at some unknown time.

"You spent the last three hours processing your first puff. But it's not a waste even if you only took one puff. The purpose of this cigar is actually to evaporate some of your cultivation, and push it back down a bit, thereby making your foundation stronger. Taking too much of it, at your level, would have done you more harm than good. As it is, right now, you have received as much benefit from it as you can.

"Your cultivation, which was growing a little too rapidly, has been tempered off. This way, your cultivation will rise when we want it to, not at every random opportunity. Now come on, follow me. Today, instead of a stroll, you'll be going for a light swim. At the same time, I will brief you on the technique to avoid divination in your sleep…"

Cassandra began her instruction right then and there, even as she led him towards a different part of the temple. The technique had two parts, one active and one passive. He would first learn the active part, and use it before he slept every time he slept. Meanwhile, he would study the passive part and take his time comprehending it.

The essence of the technique was to have firm control over his various abilities, so that they would not randomly activate when he was asleep. In practice, it was a little more complicated, but for some reason, Lex kept imagining that he was being taught the cultivation version of not wetting the bed.

The embarrassment from the thought alone was enough to motivate him to take the technique absolutely seriously.

The reason why he was asked to practice the technique while he swam was so that he could practice his control over his abilities in an unfamiliar environment.

The technique was not overly complicated for someone who had repeatedly strengthened their mind, so he was able to understand the underlying concept fairly easily. Now all he had to do was practice while he swam.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Just like the field of flowers yesterday, his designated spot for swimming was fantastic. It was extremely scenic, and the cool, refreshing water was filled with colorful and interesting little fish who swam all around him.

None of them were aggressive, and most of them were friendly enough to come and observe him as he swam past their homes.

By the end, Lex was feeling lighthearted and easy, as if he had let go of some stress he was unconsciously carrying with him. Knowing that what awaited him now was a good night's sleep, he could not help but smile.

Training should always be this relaxing.

Somewhere in the distance, Cassandra was observing him carefully, putting the final touches to the hellish training that awaited him.



