Chapter 910 The door!

﻿﻿When Lex returned to the pod, he noticed a small change in the setup. Now, instead of a warm liquid, the pod was filled with sand. He was hesitant at first to get in, only imagining how difficult his life would be once he got sand in his hair and clothes, but then he recalled that he barely had any hair. Moreover, his clothes were self-cleaning…

Ignoring the bitterness in his heart, Lex climbed into the pod and made himself comfortable. Like the liquid, the sand was warm. But it was not rough and coarse or irritating, and it did not get everywhere. Instead, it was soft and welcoming.

Feeling the embrace of sleeping approaching, Lex quickly used his newly learned technique to prevent him from using divination, and allowed himself to succumb. His eyes closed, and he fell asleep immediately, letting out a light, cute snore.

Regardless of whether it was happenstance, or his technique was actually working, he had no dreams that night, and woke up the next day feeling refreshed - and buried! At some point, his body had submerged into the sand, leaving only his face exposed. But he did not feel uncomfortable, and emerging from the sand proved an easy task.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

He pushed open the pod to find yet another feast waiting for him. This time, the food carried an intimidating aura, as if made from the flesh of terrifyingly strong beasts. That did not stop Lex at all, though he admitted that he had a tough time eating it due to his teeth not yet fully emerging from his gums. The meat was tough and chewy, but to make up for that fact, it was packed full of flavor, and each time he chewed, it gushed out amazing juices.

The fruits were wrapped in shells that were difficult for him to break, even with his strength, though some ingenuity resolved any issues he had. If the previous two meals were meant to spoil him, then this meal was clearly waiting to be earned by him. Nothing was easy to eat, and if he did not put in sufficient effort, it would not yield any rewards.

But that did not deter him, nor did it slow him down. He summoned swords and daggers, and sliced when slicing was needed, and slammed when slamming was needed.

Eating became a workout, but after a few continuous hours of effort, he finally ate everything on the table.

Feeling both satisfied and somewhat exhausted, Lex looked up at the projection of Cassandra, who had appeared at some point.

"Today, you will train a bit with a pole staff, and then spend the rest of your time sunbathing. Tomorrow, the next phase of your training will officially begin."

Lex nodded, and tried to strike up a conversation with her again, but Cassandra was not much of a talker. She gave him quick, one word replies to any questions he asked, and didn't seem interested in his topics of conversation.

Eventually he had to give up as they finally reached the training center. Lex was given a wooden pole staff, and asked to mimic the actions of a projection that appeared before him.

At first, it only swung the staff once, which Lex copied. Then it added one more movement, then another. After using a few moves in conjunction, the projection reset completely and started with a new set of movements.

Lex did not need to think, he only needed to copy. It was simple enough until Lex made a startling realization. His movement with the staff seemed perfect! Whether it was his weight or stability, his positioning or his awareness of the angles that he swung in, everything was perfect! He even felt like… he was on the verge of manifesting a pole staff intent!

After so long of trying to master swordsmanship and failing, he nearly mastered the simple use of pole staff in one single session. Was that a reflection of his astounding learning ability, or the quality of the training at the temple?

Before he could reach an answer, the training session ended. He was brought to another room, this time by Mateo, which was supposed to lead him to where he was supposed to sunbathe.

But Lex could not help but notice another door he saw in passing. It was a simple, unassuming door, its humble presence whispering of a timeless charm - if only one could actually notice it.

He raised an eyebrow as he detected something strange and examined it in greater detail.

It was made of oak, and looked like it had weathered through entire eons yet had not succumbed to time, retaining its graceful dignity.

Mateo said something, but when Lex did not respond, he turned around and saw a scene that alarmed him greatly! But Lex noticed none of it. He was stepping closer to the door, his heartbeat gradually beating faster as he approached.

The wood boasted a rich tapestry of grains, each etched line narrating a silent story of growth and endurance. Its surface was worn smooth by years of welcoming touch, offering a tactile invitation to curious fingertips - Lex's fingertips.

He raised his hand, not reached for the knob, but to touch the door itself.

This close, he could detect the faint scent emanating from its frame - the smell was somehow the smell of nostalgia itself. He could hear memories long forgotten, filled with joy and laughter, right on the other side of the door. To swing it open would be to open a portal to warmth and welcome, to sunlight and fresh air, to childhood days without worry or regret.

Just as Lex's fingers were moments away from touching on the door, a velvet curtain was dropped on it, and Mateo suddenly appeared in front of Lex, finally catching his eye.

"Forget that door!" he said gravely. "That's a mistake. It was not supposed to be here. It is… it is a forbidden curse let loose by an ancient cultivator named Scorp- no, never mind. The fact that it has appeared here means the condition of the temple is worse than we thought. We might need to speed up your training. Come, let's go. I'll inform Cassandra."

Before Lex even had an opportunity to argue, the velvet disappeared, and along with it, the door.

Ancient curse? Lex could not help but wonder. It did not feel like a curse to him. It felt more like… like love, trapped behind a wooden door. Or perhaps, it was the door itself.



Chapter 911 How can this be called training?

﻿﻿Countless thoughts swam through Lex's mind as he followed Mateo. The feelings of nostalgia did not last long, and Lex quickly realized how unusual the situation was for him to be caught up in such emotions.influenced so easily. There was definitely more to the door than it seemed, and it was definitely not as happy or endearing as the emotions it evoked.

But considering how this temple was filled to the brim with extraordinarily high leveled items, it was no surprise that Lex should encounter one. The only thing worthy of note was that Mateo had mentioned that the door should not have appeared here, and its presence betrayed the fact that the temple was malfunctioning.

Lex put his thoughts of the unusual door behind him as he entered the new room where he would be sunbathing. A single survey of the room revealed the fact that, unlike his previous two experiences, which were very relaxing, this room most likely had an ulterior motive.

It looked like a simple beach, where there was a reclining chair spread out for him, as well as a pair of sunglasses. But the steam coming out of the sand each time a wave of water receded, and the unusual rippling of air akin to that above of a bonfire told Lex that the sunlight was a tad hot.

Of course, to Lex it did not feel like anything other than a gentle warmth from the sunlight. He was reminded that besides allowing him to replenish his exhausted strength, the purpose of these few days was also so that Cassandra could study his limits thoroughly. Although Lex could not estimate the various metrics she was studying, that did not mean she was slacking on her job.

Aware of the fact that his leisure time was bound to end soon, Lex stripped down to his undergarments and lay down on the chair, putting on the appropriately sized sunglasses to protect his eyes.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Since he had a few hours to spare, and did not plan on napping before going to bed at night, Lex spent the next few hours practicing the anti divination technique.

By the time Mateo returned to escort him back, Lex felt somewhat more familiar with the technique, but was nowhere confident enough to use it passively. He could already tell that reaching such a level would take a long time.

The sunbathing gave him no noticeable benefit, although he noticed that by now even the water was boiling and steam was rising from the sand all around him. Was it supposed to be really hot?

It appears that after training in lava, he had a much higher tolerance to heat than before. That was already expected though.

In his bedroom he was once again faced with a pod full of sand. Already familiar with it, he did not hesitate to get it, use his anti-divination technique and then go to sleep. He was looking forward to his training the next day.

When he woke up, Lex felt a noticeable difference. He did not feel stronger, but rather more comfortable in his own body. Moreover, he had a vague sense that he had barely slept a couple of hours, unlike the last few days where he was sleeping nearly twelve hours.

When he exited, he found that Cassandra was waiting for him, though her gaze seemed to be fixed on her clipboard.

"From today onwards, your routine will change. Although you will still have to sleep and eat every day, the amount will be much less than the previous few days. I've also adjusted the intensity of your training. It seems that I originally underestimated your tenacity. Now that I know your body can tolerate a much harsher beating, I've condensed several individual lessons into single, more demanding lessons. Have your breakfast and let's go."

Instead of a feast, what awaited him was a single bowl of porridge, a glass of milk and what looked like a protein bar. Lex couldn't deny the disappointment he felt after being spoiled the last few days, but he did not let them affect him.

He hurriedly consumed his breakfast, not bothering to waste time savoring it. As much as he enjoyed good food, he currently felt impatient to see what kind of training awaited him.

Once he was done, Cassandra led him wordlessly to their first training room. Usually Lex would have tried to strike up a conversation with her, but today he decided to let it go. For too long had he been waiting to see what the training of the temple really was.

Compared to how grand the temple was, the first training room seemed unusually mundane. It was a square room with dark gray walls and barely any lighting. If not for his improved eyesight, Lex would practically be blind here.

"Here put this on," Cassandra said as she pointed to a gray, leather armband that was placed on a table in the corner.

It looked ordinary, but as soon as Lex touched it he felt a strange suffocating feeling as his access to all the spirit energy in his body was cut off. Startled, Lex nearly dropped the band, but he regained composure quick enough. He looked towards Cassandra, as if demanding an explanation.

"Originally, I was planning to begin your training by helping you sense divine energy. Then there would have been a session to help you control divine energy while keeping it outside of your body. If you absorb divine energy, your cultivation technique will automatically convert it to your unique brand of energy stored within your core, which is why it is important to manipulate it outside of your body.

"After that, you would have begun amalgamating the external energy into your attack patterns. You already know how to boost and strengthen your weapons using your internal energy, but you can do the same with external energies as well. You can also already control external energies, because if you did not you would not be able to use your spatial affinity so fluidly - after all, it requires manipulation of spatial energy.

"Considering your familiarity with the concepts, I anticipated that it would take you three to four days to learn all of this. But, considering your inhuman resilience, your ridiculous healing capabilities and your amazing comprehension speed, we will do all of that today.

"By blocking off your control over the energy within your body, you will only be able to use external energy. This particular room is designed to filter all kinds of energies, allowing only a specified one inside. As such, I will flood the room with divine energy. Then I will give you a sword capable of enhancement via divine energy, and then put you up against a foe many times stronger than you, as well as more skilled than you in combat.

"Can you guess what happens next? You're right, it will be a fight to the death. Of course, should you fail, I'll stop before you really die, but don't doubt that I will fully allow you to get hurt very seriously. After all, at the temple, we can heal you and bring you back to a fighting state.

"But, do not worry. Leaving you to fight a far superior foe without guidance is not my style - for this level of training, at least. Step-by-step instructions on how to deal with the foe will be transmitted directly to your brain. They will include two steps. The first step will be the physical maneuver, and the second step will be the divinity enhancement. If you manage the first and not the second, you will not be able to reproduce the desired effect, but you also won't die too quickly.

"Now, put on the band and take your sword. You can practice a little before we summon your opponent."

"This… how can you call this training?" Lex asked in an exasperated way. Even Marlo at least taught him some basic moves, and that fellow was unhinged!

"This is, of course, not your training," Cassandra responded, her voice and expression completely neutral. "This is only the first step. Activating your sense of danger will push your brain into a hyper state, thereby speeding up your learning process. This is just so you can figure out how to control external energy faster. The actual training begins afterwards."

"I don't need the threat of death to do that," said Lex as he put on the armband and grabbed a longsword which magically appeared in the air in front of him. "I can do that on my own."

As if to explain to Cassandra what he meant, Lex entered his state of Flow.

A projection for a simple slash entered his mind, similar to the one had been practicing but never satisfied with, but with minute differences all the same. Moreover, there was a distinct moment right at the beginning of the move when the edges of the sword began to glow, giving off a soft, white light.

Devoid of all emotion, Lex tried to replicate the move. Although the sword did not ultimately glow, Cassandra was able to detect a ripple in the divine energy within the room. A faint expression finally appeared within her usually neutral eyes.



Chapter 912 From outside the syllabus

﻿﻿Since Lex was focusing on the instructions he was receiving in his mind, he did not notice the faint emotion which emerged in Cassandra's eyes. But since she did not make any additional changes to his training program, it did not seem to matter.

He was repeating the moves as close to perfect as he could, and he felt himself improving with each swing. The reason why Lex always felt like his swordsmanship was lacking was because although the sword swing seemed fine, he was able to detect flaws in his body, or weight distribution, or something else. Sometimes, he did not even know what was wrong except that his instincts told him something was missing.

Following the instruction in his mind made a monumental difference, though. Even the smallest change, such as the angle at which he turned his ankle while standing in a certain posture, made all the difference. It was the difference between a straight line drawn using a ruler and a straight line drawn by an artist.

To the untrained eye, there may not be any difference, or the artist's work may even seem inferior. But someone who could comprehend the complexities involved would see that a straight line, when drawn by someone who had the potential to create a grand master piece, held infinite possibilities. While the same straight line, drawn alongside the edge of a ruler, only ever contained the possibility of being a straight line. The ruler could make nothing else.

It was a level of comprehension into a subject that teetered on the edge of being measurable and quantifiable, and that of being abstract.

In summary, the sword swing now had the potential to become anything Lex could need it to become.

While Lex was making no progress on controlling divine energy, he could subtly feel his sword intent forming.

He spun, following the instructions in his mind, and swung the sword backwards as if deflecting a silent blow that was coming from behind him. The swing was a perfect replica of the image in his mind, save the glowing edge. But the difference this time was that he actually did end up blocking an attack.

But while his form was perfect, the strength of the attack was too great, and Lex was thrown off balance. The image in his mind changed, and Lex, in his emotionless state, followed without missing a step.

But while he managed to block his leg from being amputated, the very fact that his sword was not reinforced by divine energy meant that it could not match up in strength.

In his flow state, he immediately judged that it was possible to effectively deflect these blows using only skill, even with the difference in strength. It was just that the instructions he was receiving were not meant to do that, which is why he kept suffering.

He shifted from his Flow state to his Overdrive state. The Overdrive state lacked the finesse of the Flow state, but it forced his brain to operate at a capacity much greater than normal. When he first unlocked this state, Lex discovered that its consumption was massive and that he couldn't keep it running indefinitely. But the energy reserves for his technique were so massive that he more or less hardly ever ran into an energy deficiency issue.

When considering the kind of boost it provided Lex, it was almost like a cheat.

Lex had been thrown to a side, and was lying on his back. He did not even have time to stand up, his mental guide already transmitting the next move to prevent himself from dying.

Time seemed to slow down as his mind analyzed the next set of instructions, and through them deduced the kind of attack his opponent was making.

He then calculated the difference between the amount of strength he could generate on his own, and that which would be generated if his sword were imbued with divine energy. It was an easy enough estimate to make once he had felt the difference in the outcome that his instructions predicted, and the one that his body suffered from.

With that, he was able to deduce how much stronger the attacker was than himself. With all the information he had on hand, as well as the template of the movements from his instructions, his mind speculated on the best way to adjust for the difference in strength using technique only.

Lex's eyes glowed as his Overdrive state worked better than it had ever done before. He swung the sword, deviating from the instructions for the first time, and once again stimulating a reaction in Cassandra. She could tell exactly what the outcome was about to be, which is why she was surprised.

Lex blocked the attacker, and instead of receiving the attack head on, caused it to deviate, and hit the floor beside him. Completely unaffected by the previous attack, Lex finally got the time to leap onto his feet and observe his attacker.

It was, predictably, a suit of armor - but this one was glowing, no doubt indicating that it contained divine energy.

More instructions came, and Lex's mind quickly dissected them to repeat the process it had just undergone previously. It was not perfect, as there was only so much strength pure skill could account for, but it was enough to ensure that Lex was no longer being manhandled.

When Lex successfully blocked three attacks without being flung across the room, the gleam in his eyes sharpened, and he changed his process once again.

Instead of just dissecting his instruction so that he could figure out the best way to defend, he began figuring out ways in which he could attack.

This time, when the change happened, Cassandra was no longer surprised, but did pick up her clipboard to make a note.

Lex blocked the attack, or rather, touched his foe's sword with his own and gently guided the attack to the side. Meanwhile, he took a step forward, bringing himself closer to the suit of armor. At this distance, the armor could not react in time as Lex flourished his sword, bringing it back from deflection and turning it into a swift attack on its chest.

There was not even a scratch on the suit of armor, but it did stumble. Lex's mind worked even faster as he absorbed this swordplay and made it his own, so that he could use it as he wished.

Two more times, Lex managed to deflect as well as attack, causing the suit or armor to stumble. The third time, a silver tinge appeared around the sword and Lex felt 'something' in the universe around him, responding to his attack.

While his previous attacks could not even leave a mark on the suit of armor, this one caused a soft dent and a crack to form.

Lex grinned and attacked again. The silver energy around his sword became more prominent and seemed to cause a 'sheen' sound as it cut through the air. The suit of armor fell back, and for the first time, fell into a defensive position.

Exhilarated, Lex attacked again and again, refining the silver energy further, causing it to become a thick yet sharp layer around the edge of his sword.

This was not the divine energy he was supposed to master, but it was the sword intent that Lex had long wanted to master. With each swing his intent became sharper and more deadly, and the laws around him responded to his well. Even though this room had filtered all types of energy out, and left only divine energy inside, it could not filter out laws.

Lex's sword intent was directly a result of the sword laws, or sword dao, resonating with his skill and will, and it could not be stopped from manifesting.

Lex continued to attack till there came a point that the sword intent became almost solid, and nearly indistinguishable from the actual sword itself. He could feel that he had already encountered the first roadblock in his path, and if he surpassed it, his sword intent would move to the next level!

Instructions entered Lex's mind, as they had been this entire time, but for the first time, Lex decided to ignore them completely. He could see a better way of attacking. He could see a vulnerability in his enemy, though he could not tell if it was natural or by design.

Regardless, Lex chose to believe in himself rather than the images in his mind. He could also feel that this was the key to breaking through the first shackle in his sword intent.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Letting loose a simple war-cry, Lex swung his sword diagonally at full strength, even though the enemy was some distance away. His sword fell short! But his sword intent, which had thoroughly latched onto the edge of his blade, came loose and flew across the room, turning into an ethereal sword flying through the air!

It was too swift to block, and in one simple slice, cut the helmet in half!



Chapter 913 Wounded





?Lex's figure was frozen still, his gaze fixed on the headless armor. His mind was clear, devoid of any follow up instructions, meaning that the fight was over. Sensing the threat abate, his Overdrive state gradually disappeared, and an excited grin appeared on Lex's face.

He had been struggling with sword intent for so long, who could have guessed it would come so quickly and so easily? He even managed to overcome the first obstacle in growing the sword intent. It was still far from enough to absorb the intent hiding in his soul, but it was a good start. Moreover, Lex had overcome a far superior enemy using nothing but his own skills. It felt good.

"Do you feel pleased with yourself?" Cassandra asked, her expression long returned to her normal, neutral state.

Sensing the rhetoric nature of the question, Lex did not answer.

"In a sense, I guess you really should feel gratified with your progress. Based on your experiences so far, combat usually takes the form of a series of exchanges with the objective to destroy the opponent's spirit, soul or body. Considering your Soulforge physique, the elevated defenses of your soul and spirit allow you to focus on the seemingly easier option of physical combat.

"Based on this premise, learning sword intent is more useful than learning to manipulate energy externally. But when facing an opponent much stronger than yourself, where the odds have not forcefully been skewed in your favor, every single bit of advantage you have can bring you closer to survival if not victory. Let me show you what you can expect to face in an opponent of the same caliber, but without the handicap of only attacking physically. Take off your band, I want you to fight at full strength."

Cassandra's words distinctly lacked the element of admonishment, but even so it was clear that she was unhappy with the fact that he had focused on sword intent rather than divinity. Now, instead of just instructing him, she wanted him to see for himself why she was guiding him on a specific path.

Lex removed his armband and got into position, instantly entering the state of Flow. He expected that this fight would be much more difficult than the previous one.

The suit of armor, which had previously frozen upon decapitation, stood up straight. A bright light shone above its torso, and the helmet which had been cleaved in half reappeared and began to mend itself.

Lex's grip on his sword tightened. If one were to consider the suit of armor as a human, then he had effectively just brought himself back to life. Besides Lex, who had survived without a head due to the unique feature of his body, soul and spirit being combined into one, he had never seen anyone else accomplish the same feat.

Although the suit of armor did not move, he saw a strange fluctuation in laws around it with his left eye. Before he could analyze what the opponent was doing, he was hit with a strong sense of vertigo, and lost control of his body.

His mind, which should have been focusing on finding a solution to his state, became occupied with an unusual sense of guilt that was weighing him down. Every sin he had ever done, from lying to his parents, stealing his sisters dessert, stepping on a line of ants he had not seen, hurt someone's feeling without realizing, to things like killing his enemies, prioritizing his loved ones over others, abandoning Earth, ignoring the plight of humans in the many worlds he had visited, and many, many more suddenly came to life in his mind and assaulted his very being.

His every virtuous deed, from helping Little Blue, befriending his workers, taking care of his guests, spending time with someone who felt lonely, and many more all came to life and began to devour his sense of self, trying to turn him into a 'saint' whose only purpose for existing was doing good deeds.

Perhaps if he had been given enough time, he could reorient himself. But the matter of fact was, he hadn't been. In a fraction of a second, just as his body began to fall but even his knees had not yet touched the floor, the armor appeared before him, and impaled his chest with its sword.

The sharp pain of a sword cutting through muscle and bone rocked his mind, but that did not wake him from the deluge of bizarre spirit attacks he was suffering, but instead only made him more vulnerable.

There was another piercing pain, this time in his neck, and he felt that his head had almost been removed from his body. His consciousness began to fade, his mind still reeling. His state of Flow had been broken long ago, and Lex could do nothing to respond - or so it seemed.

Domination erupted from his body like a volcano, launching the suit of armor away from himself like it had been physically hit by its force. All the visions in his mind cleared, his emotions stabilized, his sins and virtues disappeared, replaced instead with the image of himself standing stalwart under the endless assault, even bloodied and battered as he was.

The enemy's sword was in his hand - he had grabbed it at the last second before it pierced his eye, his tremendous strength keeping it from inching forward or back.

His aura did not suffer any harm due to his bloodied state, instead it became stronger. A stronger, more fierce, and more noble aura enveloped him, pushing back against the halo of divinity that surrounded the suit of armor.

He was ready to continue the fight, his strength undiminished even in his injured state, but such a display was enough for Cassandra to get her point across.

"That is just one of the abilities common to all deities, once they reach a sufficient level. It is not without reason that deities are worshiped, and treated above all other beings. The powers they gain are a blend of the many inherent qualities of divine energy, as well as the domain of their belief. Their more potent abilities all have to do with their belief. You can combat it like you have done now, using a type of brute force to push them back. But there are better ways. Why fight a bitter fight, when you can win without drawing a drop of blood from yourself."

It was slightly difficult to calm down when your body was in so much pain and you were all geared up for a fight, but Lex mamanged. Unfortunately, he was no stranger to pain, but the benefit of that was that he found it easier to ignore.

He also understood what Cassandra was saying. Much in the way that he used pure technique and skill to overcome his stronger foe in the sword fight, having more skills and abilities at his disposal would allow him to use techniques to navigate out of tricker situations against more versatile enemies.

It was not as if he was going against Cassandra specifically. It was just that, in his Flow state, he had judged that victory would be more easily attained through improving his swordsmanship. That was because he misunderstood the necessary parameters for victory. He would only win when he mastered external divinity manipulation, not when he defeated his foe.

"I understand. I am ready to try again," he said, ignoring the gaping hole in his chest, right beside his heart, and the one in his neck.

"No, not like this. Wait. Since you've already felt some of the abilities divine energy affords, you might as well experience some more." CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The suit of armor, which had only a short while ago attacked him with the intention to kill, raised his hand and projected out a bright, white light which fell onto Lex's body.

His wounds began to itch, but the discomfort lasted only a moment. A warmth filled his chest, and traveled through his body to the wounds which began to heal rapidly. In a matter of minutes, both his injuries vanished, his dried blood and torn clothes the only proof that he had ever been hurt at all. He felt slightly drained physically, but it was barely noticeable.

This… this was extremely useful!

"Now try once again. This time, focus on the divinity. You have three hours, after which we will move onto the next step - regardless of whether you've learnt or not. Trust me, you'll wish you had learnt external control at that point."

In truth, Cassandra had originally given him the whole day to learn, but once she saw his Flow state, she changed his training outline once again. She could tell why Mateo had been so frustrated. But instead of feeling frustrated, she felt gratified. A student who learned well would make the teacher want to teach even more.

She wanted to see how much he could grow before their time was up.



Chapter 914 Sword hammer

﻿﻿Lex touched his neck, and was fairly impressed upon feeling the supple, fresh skin that he had since becoming a baby. Divinity was very useful, he had to admit. Originally, he had a negative impression of it considering the fact that it could so easily corrupt him.

As someone with a lot of power in his hands, and a trigger-happy sword in his soul, he was not particularly fond of anything that would influence his psyche. But if he could learn to wield divinity properly, and he could heal as effectively as the suit of armor had, then it was absolutely worth the risk.

Reentering the state of Overdrive, Lex fixed his gaze on the suit of armor and readied himself for the instructions to once again land in his mind.

Their fight resumed, and a familiar scene of Lex being overwhelmed once again played out. But this time, Lex was not so focused on defending himself, which unfortunately resulted in him sustaining more injuries. Instead, his focus was entirely on the additional glow on the sword that appeared in his instructions.

Upon observing them with scrutiny, Lex discovered that besides the physical components of the movements required, the instructions also detailed how exactly it was manipulating the energy to augment the sword.

To do that, Lex would first have to learn to sense divine energy, subsequently learn how to control it externally, and then follow along. But controlling energy outside of his body was harder than it seemed.

When he was doing it subconsciously, such as with spatial energy, apparently, it was easy. But if he wanted to do it consciously, it bordered on impossible. If he could manage to do it successfully even once, and knew what it felt like, he could replicate it easily. But since he hadn't, with divine energy at least, he had to go through this arduous training.

In a way, this training almost seemed unfair. After all, Lex had not been taught the basics of external energy control at all before being instructed to do it mid-combat. But the numerous hints he was picking up from his instructions kept his mind occupied, so that his thought process never went that way.

Besides, with all the advantages he had in almost everything that he did, he was not someone who could complain about fairness.

Little by little, as time went by, even as he sustained numerous injuries and once again became covered in his own blood, he began to grasp the minute details of external control. Without Overdrive it would have taken him much longer, and if he hadn't mastered sword intent, he would not have survived the onslaught for so long. It was as if he barely and narrowly managed to gain something from this training session, but that is not how Cassandra saw it.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

In her eyes, the fact that Lex seemed to only barely gain something was a facade. Even if he had been pushed harder, the outcome would have been exactly the same, where he would have used a combination of some other abilities to just narrowly get by. This was both proof that Lex had never trained properly in his abilities, and so did not know how to extract the most benefit from them, and that she was not pushing him nearly as hard as she thought.

A soft breeze seemed to fill the room, but it was one that could only be felt by those sensitive to divine energy. Lex figured out something interesting. His perception of control was incorrect in this situation.

He had imagined controlling and manipulating external energy with the fluidity and expertise that he controlled his internal energy, but that was not what he needed to do. Instead, he merely needed to guide the energy, and allow it to behave according to its own nature to naturally empower him and augment his weapon.

Cassandra's example of the technique the armor could use was slightly misleading, as he was not yet at the level where he could do that. For now, he only needed to focus on mimicking the extent to which his figure in his instructions controlled the energy.

As his sword swung through the air, coated in a thin layer of sword intent, the divine energy in the room seemed to follow its trail, as if he had cleaved a path for it to flow. It was a good first step, but not quite what he needed to do.

He needed the energy to latch onto his sword as he cleaved through it, not follow along. But since he had finally taken the first step, the second step was inevitable.

But Lex felt impatient. Now that he saw the path to victory, his stalwart heart which had resigned to suffering whilst he made progress was no longer willing to suffer so needlessly.

Lex deviated from his instructions a bit to push away the suit of armor and give himself a few moments to prepare. He gripped his massive sword with both hands and blasted his Domination in full.

He wanted to see if he could forcethe energy to behave a certain way. That way, he would skip to the part where he could experience what it felt like, and just directly replicate that in the future.

He visualized the result he wanted, doing his best to perfectly replicate all the subtle nuances exhibited by the figure in his instructions, and swung his sword, this time attacking the suit of armor instead of defending.

The sword seemed to glow, though that glow faded long before the sword itself struck the suit of armor, and hence the augmentation did not have an effect. Lex did not let up and continued to bash the suit of armor.

A small, teeny tiny part of him may just be venting his frustration at the armor. He had more or less been the indestructible one due to his astounding defense. Since when had he suffered so much and shed so much blood in a single session?

As Lex continued to bash the armor, using his sword more like a hammer than anything else, the glow on the sword began to last longer and longer. Finally, there came a point when the sword was still glowing when it struck the armor!

Lex honed in on that feeling, and quickly dropped his Domination. He had no idea if Domination had worked at all to begin with, for influencing and intimidating energywas not in its description. But due to the nature of the technique, it served as an excellent tool to put Lex in the right frame of mind.

Now, with an example to actually mimic, he no longer needed its aid. He transitioned from Overdrive to Flow, and began repeating the process effortlessly. He no longer focused on defeating the suit of armor - though that was not because he wanted it to survive longer so he could beat it more.

No, the real reason he was taking his time was so that he could thoroughly master augmenting his sword. At the moment, he could do it for a few seconds each time, the interval varying randomly.

But with Lex making so much progress, mastering the technique was only a matter of time. As it turned out, when that time came and Lex thoroughly mastered the technique, Cassandra automatically ended the session.

There was an almost imperceptible feeling of disappointment hidden within Lex's eyes as he saw the suit of armor disappear, but Cassandra either did not notice or did not care to comment on it.

"I gave you three hours to learn external manipulation. Do you know how long you took?"

"I wasn't keeping track, but it couldn't have been too long," said Lex hesitantly, wondering if he had been too engulfed in beating the armor.

"You took one hour and thirty-two minutes," Cassandra said. She did not state whether she was pleased with this time frame, or state how she felt about it at all. Instead, after pointing it out, she healed Lex once again using divine energy and began to inform him of how his next class would proceed.

"Do not become reliant on divine energy to heal your body. Extensive use can cause mutations. For most people, those mutations are a welcome boost to their abilities. For you, it would be a drastic reduction in your potential.

"Although, I guess that's not something you should be concerned with any time soon, as you'd have to learn the ability first. Now, we are moving onto the next part of your training. Since you can already control external divine energy, next you have to interrupt the flow of divine energy under someone else's control. You do not need to do anything specific, you just need to disrupt the flow…"

Their next class began immediately, without reprieve in the middle. Lex did not complain of exhaustion either, but that was a mistake he would soon regret. After all, if he never expressed dissatisfaction, Cassandra always assumed he could do more.



Chapter 915 The difference

﻿﻿Cassandra was not a strict teacher. She never forced Lex to do anything, nor did she yell or set stringent rules for Lex to adhere to. In each lesson, she would meticulously explain to Lex what his objective was, how that would benefit him, and how to go about it. No matter what lesson it was, Lex always discovered that she had given him exactly enough guidance for him to comprehend the topic. All that was needed was for him to put in the necessary effort.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

At the same time, there was not a single lesson she taught where Lex did not bleed. No matter how quickly he improved his swordsmanship, how he improved his sword intent, how adept he became at controlling divinity, or how he mastered space, he would always bleed.

The absurdity of the situation was such that on the third day, Cassandra gave him a headband - not to keep the sweat out of his eyes, but his blood!

Each lesson was always extremely harsh, yet somehow within his capacity to tolerate. To top it all off, the perfectly selected menu each day, paired with the perfectly rejuvenating night's rest, always put him in the perfect state to continue training at the same barbarous level, if not at a higher one.

At a certain point, Lex himself wanted to be mad, but the tremendous growth he was experiencing, as well as the amazing new mastery he was getting over his existing skills, alongside learning new ones, filled him with an unquenchable thirst for more! He was concerned that he may be turning into a masochist, but how could he care when he was finally learning how to teleport using only his own affinity?

As per his request, his lessons were mostly focused on swordsmanship and the space element, alongside divinity, which was Cassandra's own requirement. He learned about sword intent, and how each stage had a cool sounding name, which Cassandra thought was pointless because Lex's level was too weak right now. Only when his sword intent passed through a few more stages, would it reach the average Golden core level, which was not even enough to harm Lex!

The only reason it seemed like his sword intent was giving a massive boost to his attacks was because of his tremendous strength to begin with, which benefited even from a tiny improvement. If he relied solely on sword intent, then he could not harm his own training clothes, let alone his enemies.

Unfortunately, improving intent was nowhere as 'simple' as it was to learn. Learning entailed bringing his swordsmanship to a level he himself thought was impeccable. This was because sword intent, or any kind of intent, as the name suggested, was strongly linked to the user's state of mind alongside sufficient mastery. After all, blatant confidence with zero skill would not yield sword intent, as that would not result in any resonance with the affiliated laws.

Improving your intent was directly linked to, and affected by, one's improvements and increased comprehension in the associated field.

For example, if Lex wanted to increase his sword intent, he would need to attain a better understanding of swordsmanship, or learn significantly difficult sword techniques to improve. This understanding did not necessarily need to be about moves and techniques, but could be a philosophical one as well, such as when one should wield the sword, what does it mean, is it for fighting, killing, protecting, etc.

Similarly, mastering a difficult technique was a way to quantify his improvement, and could thus translate into a direct improvement and better resonance with the law.

While basic intents were common, to the point that most immortals are usually known to master dozens of, if not hundreds of basic intents, raising their levels was far from easy. The higher the level, the more abstract one's comprehension would have to be. But, subsequently, higher level intents were also similarly more powerful.

Nonetheless, Lex was still far from having to reach such a level for now. Although his improvements had slowed down from when he began, they were still steady.

He was also making admirable progress in his control of divinity, so much so that his range for influencing divinity had reached 15 feet (4.5 meters). At his level, this was already remarkable, and even Cassandra admitted that it would be very difficult for him to improve his control beyond this in the short term.

But his greatest improvement was not in either divinity or swordsmanship, or even his cultivation, which reached the peak of the Golden core realm! No, his greatest improvement was in his control of space.

Cassandra informed him that beyond any affinity he had, he was most likely suited for controlling space because his comprehension of space was phenomenal. She said the most likely reason for this was that his mentally probably just suited the element.

Lex had his own theory. He suspected that his time controlling space in incredibly complex ways in the Midnight Inn and Tavern translated into his own personal experience. He already knew what it felt like, so replicating the process was much easier than learning something he had no experience of.

It was around the time that Lex mastered Blink, a very famous and popular space based ability which allowed short distance teleportation, that he had a random thought, and asked Cassandra about it.

"Is there some kind of space intent?"

"No, intents are based on skills that you can learn naturally. Sometimes the line between what can and cannot have an intent is vague, but what is certain is that everything has a Dao. Learning an intent can help you on the road to mastering a Dao, but even without it you can gain mastery over a Dao. For example, I believe you have a strong affinity for the space Dao."

"What's the difference between a Dao and a Law?" Lex asked casually, most of his mind still focused on his training. Cassandra, on the other hand, did not treat this question as lightly. She looked at him for a moment, but then eventually shook her head and decided to give an extempore answer.

"A law merely outlines the behavior or effects of a Dao. A Dao, on the other hand, is all-encompassing…"



Chapter 916 Favoritism





?With his focus otherwise occupied, Lex did not give too much consideration to Cassandra's answer, and just took it as she explained. In the few weeks that followed, Lex was often in such a state of mind, which was not an easy feat.

Multitasking had become considerably easier for him with his elevated mental capacity, so for his training to occupy his entire capacity for focus was a testament to how difficult it really was.

But while it lasted, for all the pain it caused him, Lex felt extremely gratified. He always felt like he was at a disadvantage, despite his many cheats, for never having experienced a formal education and training in the cultivation world. But now, that itch and, to some extent, insecurity, was finally addressed.

But since Lex did not have anyone to compare with, he did not know how the quality of his education and training as compared to the norm. But since he had gained from it substantially, he was satisfied.

About four days before his month was supposed to be officially over, Cassandra suddenly woke him in the dead of night. Sleeping cozily in his pod, now with a relatively normal pillow and blanket instead of water or sand, he was filled with reluctance to wake up. But, ultimately, he did not linger.

Yet when he got out, he was surprised to see the solemn expression on the usually neutral face of his teacher. Considering only a few days were left for his training, he assumed that they were about to embark for an unusually difficult lesson, but that seemed not to be the case.

"There's a situation. You need to go and kill the deity as quickly as possible, we can no longer wait."

"What happened?"

"The deity has somehow tapped into the energy network of the temple. If we give him too much time, not only will he become too powerful for you to face, but he could compromise the operation of the temple itself. There are many in the temple who are currently in dormancy. Should they awaken due to an issue in the temple, well... The deity will no longer be a problem, as he will surely be killed immediately. But the subsequent problems will be extremely grave.

"This goes for you as well. Whether you like it or not, you are now associated with the temple's karma. That means the enemies of the temple are your enemies, and that if they sense the temple and search for it, you too will be locked on. If that happens, with your level, unless someone of sufficient status is willing to hide you, there is nowhere in the universe you can escape."

Lex was not treating this matter lightly to begin with, but being targeted by someone even this supposedly extremely amazing temple was hiding from was not something he could afford. Most of the time he could bluff and get away with stating that the Innkeeper was at a Dao Lord level, but if someone challenged that someday, he would be done for. That was why he could not afford to have any on such a level!

"Let's go. I was beginning to miss Ra anyway. I suppose it's time for a reunion."

"After your next test, you will be able to enter the region with the curse. Due to your elevated nature as a result of your bond with Lotus, you won't suffer the passive curse the living curse is exuding. Originally, I was going to teach you how to seal the curse, but now I suggest you just avoid it and move on. We can deal with it once the deity is handled."

As they walked, their actual speed much faster than it appeared, Fenrir appeared next to them. Lex had summoned the loyal pup long ago, and Mateo had taken it away immediately to help it train. Lex hadn't seen him since, but the pup looked completely relaxed, and not at all like he had undergone strenuous training the way Lex had. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

They were supposed to train together as well, but never got around to it. Perhaps Cassandra had saved it for the end.

When they finally reached the gate for the next test, Lex found it wide open and waiting for him. As he was about to proceed, he discovered that Fenrir had sat down beside Cassandra.

"Aren't you coming?" he asked, looking at the pup.

"As your bonded beast, Fenrir does not need to take the test. When you gain sufficient authority to move forward, it will automatically accompany you. It also can't help you during the test, as you have to rely on yourself to proceed."

Lex's lip twitched, but he said nothing about the blatant favoritism going on. Without wasting any time, he walked into the test. Cassandra had told him that she used her own authority to change his tests to one on one combat. They were comparatively more difficult than what he normally would have faced, but it was straightforward. Besides, with Lex's strength, neither of them were worried about him having a tough time in a fight.

He entered, and was transported to a familiar arena, and an all too familiar suit of armor. As much as Lex would enjoy getting his revenge for all the times he bled to a suit of armor, this wasn't the time.

The test generated by the temple would be according to Lex's cultivation level, which meant that even with the greater difficulty level, it was much weaker than the ones he had been training with the past few weeks.

As soon as the temple asked him if he was ready, and he answered yes, the armor attacked. Its speed was exceptional, its strength phenomenal, and its technique amazing. A few weeks ago Lex would have had to go through a few exchanges to win.

Now, he just Blinked behind it as soon as it swung, and with a speed far surpassing the suit of armor, cleaved it in half with his eight feet long massive sword. For him, the test was easy, but he was still annoyed that Fenrir didn't have to go through it.

Grumbling to himself, he moved on.



Chapter 917 Hot dogs





?Although Lex looked extremely confident in himself as he walked out, perhaps even arrogant, the truth was that he had not lowered his guard one bit, even when he technically defeated the suit of armor.

If there was one thing he had learnt during his training with Cassandra, it was that he always had vulnerabilities in her eyes. Although he had grown tremendously, aided not only by his own efforts but by the boost in comprehension provided by his cultivation technique, in her eyes he always had room for improvement.

It was like she had her own version of his left eye, just that instead of seeing the vulnerabilities due to laws, she saw his weaknesses.

The problem was, if she could do it, who was to say that others who had even a modicum of her experience couldn't do the same. They wouldn't even need to be as good as her, just identifying one weakness was enough.

No matter how he tried to convince himself that it was due to special circumstances, and that his cultivation technique would eventually make him invincible, he had been wounded too many times to continue to believe it. After a certain amount of punishment, he even began to doubt the veracity of the claims of his cultivation techniques.

Regardless, while he looked smug holding an eight feet long sword on his shoulder as he stepped into the new level, in reality he was ready for a fight to the death at a moments notice.

He emerged to find Fenrir and Cassandra waiting for him. He walked over and rubbed the pup's head, not letting his dissatisfaction show. At least Fenrir had not made any comments on his new baby form - not that he was insecure about it.

Little did he know, in Fenrir's eyes, such a thing was only normal. After all, it regularly shrunk and grew its size, so it only made sense that Lex could do the same. If it returned to its normal size, as of right now, it would be as large as an elephant from earth, or 135,316 hot dogs stacked upon one another.

Fenrir turned his head and scratched it. That was a specifically odd number, why did he know it?

The pup did not have long to ponder, and Lex put away his sword and climbed onto its back.

"Use your stealth to get us to the next entrance," Lex said, reminding the pup of its mission.

Cassandra, who knew exactly where the curse was and what route to take to avoid it, led the way. The only reason they were being stealthy ways to avoid detection from the curse through some other means. Since they had not interacted with it yet, they did not know what it was capable of.

Lex remained silent the entire time, ready for something to go wrong, as it usually did. He had begun to develop a theory about why he got caught in so many problems so frequently, but there was no way to test it for now.

But for once, there were no problems. Fenrir's incredible stealth was as reliable as always, prompting Lex to stare at its fur for a while. Last time, he had used Orion's scale to help give his suit stealth properties. He wondered if adding some of Fenrir's fur would make it even better. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Putting that thought aside, Lex entered the next test. Since Cassandra had already set the format, there would be no unexpected situations. But the difficulty of the tests scaled significantly.

This time, the suit of armor he faced radiated an aura at the peak of the Nascent realm. Moreover, it was particularly heavy, as if it was strong even among its peers. It also did not hold any sword or any other physical weapon, meaning it likely would use some other means of attack.

Summoning his sword, Lex selected 'YES' on the option to begin the test, and this time attacked first. He solidified space around the suit of armor and Blinked above it, swinging down to cut it in half.

But the solidified space seemed to return to normal at the last moment, and the suit of armor evaded the sword with a single step.

Before Lex could react, his surroundings changed and he was pulled into some kind of illusion. But before things could progress further, the illusion broke on its own, and the suit of armor reeled back.

It was not so easy to cover an entire planet in an illusion, and acting on Lex was now basically the same thing. The suit of armor suffered a backlash from his failed technique, and Lex did not give it a chance to recover. His sword cleaved it apart with one hit.

With the test over, Lex did not immediately exit to the next level, but stood over the suit of armor and took a deep breath.

If the previous win had been a result of his own skill, this one relied on some of the various cheats he had accumulated on his person. That was not a good sign. He still had two or more tests to go through.

A couple of thoughts ran through his mind. First, were there really so many people this skilled back when the temple was running? He got so far due to a number of boosts to his strength, cultivation and skill he got, but he knew that such things weren't really replicable. So how did ordinary cultivators get through so many levels back then? This was keeping in mind that the temple members were actively trying to help him pass the tests.

It was, quite frankly, both baffling and humbling.

But, that was just a fleeting thought. Since Lex had the resolution to be the best, he was ready to work hard to slowly and steadily become stronger. If others were as strong as him, he would surpass them eventually.

The second thought was about employing some of the new sword techniques he had learnt, as well as his other gains.



Chapter 918 Inferno Blade

﻿﻿Lex was too used to simply smashing his enemies with his fists, or now that he was using swords, hammering them or cutting them with simple swipes. Randomly cleaving and swinging his sword was easier, but sword techniques were ultimately better and stronger.

He sighed, and then moved on. This time when he exited, Cassandra and Fenrir were waiting for him, just as last time, but the difference was that Lex detected the subtlest hint of an amused look on Cassandra's face.

No doubt she took notice of the fact that he took dozens of seconds more to pass this test than the last one.

Clearing his throat, Lex moved on, pretending as if he didn't notice.

Among the many things he experienced in the past few weeks, one of the most significant events was when he gave up his accumulating divinity.

There were two divinities focused on his person, though all the divine energy granted through belief was funneled away by his system and stored to power his 'Wish'. Nonetheless, while unaware of how the belief tainted divine energy was being channeled away from him, Cassandra informed him that separating those two divinities from himself was a beneficial thing for him.

After inquiring about what it would entail, and what he stood to gain or lose, he eventually agreed, and Cassandra helped him through the process.

First, they identified the two divinities he had on his person. The first, and the stronger one, was easily identified as the Butter Knife deity. As unusual as it was, countless religions across hundreds of galaxies had already formed around that one attack from the Butter Knife he had unleashed. In fact, if the system had not been funneling away the belief tainted divine energy, that particular divinity may have already matured!

Cassandra did not ask questions about the odd divinity, or how it came out to be. Instead, she helped him fashion a ceremonial item in the form of a butter knife and helped him transfer the divinity over to it.

The butter knife was incredibly weak, and would slowly grow stronger as it accumulated the power of belief. But in this case, it was not slow at all. With the divinity removed from himself, the system could no longer funnel it away, and the knife absorbed all of it. In a matter of days it had already reached a level that was comparable to the average weapon used by a Golden core cultivator. Given time, it would grow even stronger.

But there was a shortcut to strengthening it. Once he killed Ra, he could channel the divinity from his corpse into the knife, devouring his divinity to make his knife stronger. But Lex was not planning on doing that.

Instead, he planned on strengthening the item fashioned from the second divinity. He pulled out a devilish mask and looked at it.

This mask was the ceremonial item associated with his second divinity: The Invincible Tyrant. The number of believers in this were very few, but for some reason, their belief was strong enough to form a trace of divinity on him.

The mask looked a lot like the one he wore when he used Notorious Anonymity. Lex had a strong guess over who his believers were. The few devils who had run away from him after trying to hurt him for hours. The fact that this currently incredibly weak mask continued to accumulate power meant that some of them, at least, were still alive.

As he approached the next door, he put the mask on. These ceremonial items were linked to him, so others could not use them. Or, to be technical, they could not use them unless they killed Lex first.

Divinities could be stolen by deities who attacked and devoured other deities. Therefore, these ceremonial items which contained divinity and were linked to him could also have their ownership transferred, if he was killed first.

Or he could give up the ownership of his free will, but he had no interest in doing that. The butter knife was promising to become an extremely potent weapon in the future, and the mask was born of his own achievements.

Both were good reasons to keep them to himself. But the mask had a potential which he liked a lot. Notorious Anonymity was ultimately a low level technique. Eventually he would outgrow it.

By then he could just get a new technique to hide his identity, but if this mask of his grew strong enough, it could simply take over that role. Moreover, the mask had a few other benefits as well.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Since the divinity it was formed from was Invincible Tyrant, it augmented his Domination to a degree, and boosted his strength and defense. Theoretically, once it grew strong enough, these side benefits could overshadow the original purpose of the mask, which was to hide his identity.

That was why he had decided that when he killed Ra, he would strengthen his mask, not the knife.

Without a word, he stepped through the door of the sixth test, his aura changed to that of the Invincible Tyrant - or rather, the Invincible Baby Tyrant.

The suit of armor he faced this time looked different compared to the ones he saw before. It was sleek and nimble, while at the same time exuding a strong deterrence. He knew immediately that this one was finally strong enough to break through his defenses and hurt him.

Lex had no doubt of his own victory, but what he was focused on right now was a quick and efficient victory. He decided to go all out from the very beginning.

The moment he began the test, Lex blasted his Domination in full, and displayed the latest addition to his arsenal of techniques: Inferno Blade.

The sound of thunder accompanied his attack as his sword, now turned red from its usual silverish-gray due to heat, cut through the arena. Though the enemy was far away, it was still within reach of the attack. At the apogee of its swing, a red energy seemed to shoot out from the tip of the blade and cut through the armor before it could even react.

By the time Lex completed his sword-swing and looked over, the suit of armor was already melting.



Chapter 919 Inner temple

﻿﻿Lex heaved a little, and swung his right arm in the air, as if trying to stretch out his muscles. Inferno Blade was not a single attack, but a collection of six attacks, each one adding fire component to the attack.

The one Lex had used right now was the only long-range one he had learnt so far. It could not be mastered without knowing at least some basic sword intent, as it relied on the intent to carry the attack forward.

Of the six, Lex immediately learned the first three, as if they were completely natural. The next three however…

Lex was used to studying. He'd been home schooled and then went to college. After he became a cultivator, he studied all kinds of things, as he was aware that he lacked a foundation in them. One could even say he was good at studying, especially now that his brain had undergone a few upgrades.

But he was used to studying concrete things. He studied math, science, programming and the like. Heck, even art and music had symmetry and patterns, so although he never studied them much, he could comprehend them. The Inferno Blade's last three moves, however, were an entirely different matter.

Unlike the first three, which only relied on a certain level of swordsmanship, sword intent and technique, the latter were strange, and relied on things that Lex could not comprehend. The technique description sounded almost philosophical, and the instructions included things like the feelings of the blade as the fire within it rises, the beginning, end and middle of an inferno as being a living being and that engulfed the evils of the world.

Lex read the descriptions multiple times and then asked Cassandra again, just to be sure his translator wasn't malfunctioning.

Cassandra found his reaction amusing, and she almost seemed relieved that there was something he struggled with. In her words, if everything came too easily to him, it would weaken his willpower.

So, mastering the remaining three would have to wait. It was not as if Lex was unfamiliar with using techniques in battle, but so far the techniques he had used were more or less straightforward. They either blocked or hit something. Impervious hands seemed to be the only exception to the rule, as it became something else entirely when he used it. But for some reason, he felt a kind of resistance while using sword techniques. He suspected that the sword in his soul might be responsible for that.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Besides Inferno Blade, Lex had also learned a defensive sword technique called Stalwart Guardian, but unlike Inferno Blade, Lex mastered that in its entirety. It seemed that even with the Regal Embrace gone, he was still influenced by it, as the vague and philosophical lines did not deter him at all, much to Cassandra's regret.

Lex put the sword away and exited. Next would be his seventh test. Unless Ra broke through the layers in the next few minutes, Lex would finally face him after passing the next test.

He was not nervous, but he took it quite seriously. Cassandra had told him that Ra was regaining power rapidly, which wasn't good.

Once he exited the test chamber, he discovered that the appearance of the temple changed drastically. The halls were no longer massive and wide, and instead looked more regal and yet cozy. There were no paintings or decorations filling the walls, but Lex felt like the hall was the most grand he had ever been in, though he could not say why.

He felt reinvigorated by just breathing the air, and the soft, pastel colors of the walls seemed to soothe his mind and fill him with a cool sensation. He felt like his body was subtly growing stronger just by standing there, and that his cultivation was increasing as well. Most of all… he felt like his soul itself was growing stronger!

"Wow…" Lex could not help but utter, and then was surprised to discover that his voice was different! It sounded… better, somehow.

"You are now entering the inner portions of the temple. Do not be surprised by just this. By inner portion, I do not mean you are reaching the core of the temple, just that you are reaching a slightly better furnished corner of the temple based on your location. Come, let's not waste time."

Lex followed Cassandra, and in only a few steps felt like he had already replenished whatever energy he had expended so far. Every subsequent step he took gave him surplus energy, as if augmenting him.

"Why is my voice different?" he could not resist asking.

"It's due to something called Aether. It's one of the more pure types of energies, alongside divinity. At your level, you don't need to worry about it. Your voice… this is just the best version of your voice that you can achieve. It can only exist in the presence of Aether."

Lex did not fail to notice that Cassandra's voice did not change.

When they finally reached the entrance to the next test, Lex was stunned. He sensed an aura that was all too familiar from the door. It was emanating Dragons Might! Albeit, the aura was weak.

"The aura is there to deter others from taking these tests lightly. They are not easy. Take this one seriously, or you won't escape unharmed.

Lex nodded, and walked through the doors that seemed to open on their own as he approached. Somehow, Lex felt like the doors were reacting to his Domination.

The test area also looked different. Instead of a small arena inside a closed room, Lex found himself standing in the center of a massive stadium, though there was no crowd.

The sun hung directly overhead, marking it as midday, and the faint smoke rising from the ground told Lex that it was probably searing. He did not even feel warm.

A suit of armor appeared in front of him, though this one was taller than the last one by a few inches, and looked much more intimidating than the last one too. It almost looked like a humanoid dragon.



