Chapter 1110 A cool sword

Pain was something Lex no longer acknowledged. It was not that he had gone crazy, though there was a particular patch of grass that regularly accused him of such, but that over the past few years he had come to realize that most pain was just an evolutionary tool that was relevant back when he was mortal, but was no longer so.

Pain, back when he was mortal, told his body that there was an issue. The more severe the pain, the more severe the issue. But now, he had complete and total awareness of his body, as well as an in depth understanding of what his body could tolerate. The same was true of his soul.

But his body still felt pain, even for wounds and injuries that would heal in a matter of minutes. So once he reached a point of sufficient willpower and self awareness, pain was something he could just tune out. Even without pain, he would know if there was something wrong with him.

For example, right now, Lex did not need to feel the mind numbing pain of his meridians being seared as energy that was akin to liquid fire coursed through his body to know that he was being cooked inside and out. If anything, the pain was just his brain being discourteous about Lex's efforts.

But the answer was extremely clear. Lex could not cultivate with this fire yet, and if he stayed in its proximity for more than a couple of minutes he would be in serious trouble. His hand had already turned black, with much of his flesh already gone.

But it wasn't as if there were no gains. He definitely benefited from this, but it would just take him a very long time to recover from this injury, which meant this was not something he could try again.

Lex remained satisfied with the result, since his main goal was to just get his hands on the fire, not actually successfully temper himself with it. He walked to Luthor who sealed the small fire within the gloves, containing it perfectly.

"You good?" he asked, looking at his black, boney hand.

"I'll survive," Lex answered, after coughing out some soot. "Let's go. I don't want to test how long those gloves can keep the flames contained."

Luthor merely nodded.

Lex teleported the both of them away, though it was not within the Inn that they reappeared. Far away in Menara, within a certain mountain range there was a place that looked like a massive bowl carved right out of the mountains.

Within the bowl was an empire of a race that had, until recently, never encountered another living race - or at least that was the official story. The real story was that this race, which had proven itself to be useful to the Heavenly tree, had been imprisoned within this mountain range until they accepted subservience to the tree.

But the tree's plan backfired, since Orin I of Veetavil mines, the first ever dwarf of this realm, never told the rest of his race that they were imprisoned. Without ever knowing they were being punished to begin with, they faced no pressure to submit.

They lived happily in the mountains, mining and forging to their heart's content. That is, until the Innkeepers voice boomed through the realm one day, letting them know that there were others out there.

Before they managed to escape, Lex found them. With dragonfire at his command, through his Glyph, Lex quickly became good friends with the dwarves, since his flames were better for forging than any others.

With that friendship came eventually a promise. Since Lex had been so focused on learning sword intent lately, he decided he should have a proper, epic sword. Who better to make him a sword than a Mythic dwarf?

Since Orin I was still alive, though in slumber, Lex helped provide the materials he needed to awake from his ancient slumber, and in exchange the entire dwarven race gathered together to make him the most phenomenal weapon their crafting skills would allow. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The dragonfire of a real dragon was the last ingredient that was needed, though these flames were not meant to light their forges or melt the metals in their ores. Instead, these flames were an ingredient in the sword itself.

The other ingredients were no less rare or powerful than dragonfire, so there was no risk of the flames overpowering the rest of the sword.

The metal used in the sword was Veetavil, which was the first metal formed in the Midnight realm. There was only a finite amount in the entire realm, and it would never be formed again since only the birth of a realm could cause it to form.

Besides that, the sword contained a fragment of the first ever unicorns horn, the first scale ever shed by the World Serpent, the blood of Sleipnir, the eight legged horse deity, the sound of the waves of the Cosmic sea, and the strongest memory of the Heavenly tree.

When Lex first heard the requirements for the sword he thought there might have been some mistake, but the dwarves really managed to capture the abstract, and used sound and memory in the forging process.

Now only three ingredients remained. The handle would be made from a piece of Lex's bone, which he had to provide fresh from his body, the dragonfire, and to bring it altogether, his sword intent.

Orin himself would complete the forging process, which had been ongoing for almost eight years now. Today would be the last day, and Lex admitted to himself that he felt great anticipation. Beside the two butter knives, he had never had a consistent weapon of his own. Although he was not a sword fanatic, and nothing could replace the sheer satisfaction of punching his enemies right in the face, a cool sword was also a must. Not to mention, if he was to embark on the journey to be the best, which he had not decided yet, then even his sword had to be the best.

Luthor and Lex walked deep into the dwarven forges until finally they arrived at a pool of lava. Beside it, a shirtless dwarf was hammering away at something unseen.

It was time.



Chapter 1111 Hammer deity

Lex and Luthor walked up to the dwarf and laid eyes on the sword. Its blade was a little more slender than normal swords, being only one and a half inches wide even at the base where it was widest, with a length of 42 inches (106 cm).

But even this was just a vague shape of the sword, as it had not taken its final form yet. The handle still needed to be added, which would be Lex's bone. Since his right arm was already half burnt, he decided to just use his hand and half his forearm for the handle.

"Have you brought the final ingredients?" Orin asked, without stopping his hammering. He was not giving the sword shape, but beating its spirit into shape, because of course a sword of this caliber would give birth to a spirit of its own. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Yes," Lex said. "You'll need to take a step back and hide behind my body when I reveal the flame, or you might not make it."

Orin snorted, but he was too fatigued to argue. He did not believe a flame existed that dwarves could not harness.

"Prepare yourself, then. After my third hammer, I'll move aside, and you connect the final two pieces."

Lex nodded, and looked towards Luthor, who was also prepared. As soon as Orin pulled back, giving Lex space, Luthor opened up his hands, revealing the flame. Before the dragon fire could burn down the forge where his sword was being made, Lex grabbed the flames, then using the same hand, clamped the base of the sword's blade.

The metal immediately began to melt, and Lex's hand became welded to the sword, though fortunately that was always the plan. Using his sword intent, Lex cut his right arm, leaving half his forearm attached to the sword.

For a very brief time the heat of the dragon fire was trapped within Lex's hand as well as the melting blade of the sword. But unless it was properly tempered, the sword would be destroyed and the flames lost

Fortunately, despite being shocked by the heat, Orin did not pause. Immediately he brought forth his ancient hammer, and called on the ancient powers to finish the forging process. Deep in his mind lay the knowledge of how the foundation of this realm was forged, and now he brought out that knowledge to bear.

Lex, with his stump, and Luthor who had all the hair on his body burned off, making him bald, took a step back and let the dwarf finish his task.

Lex was not worried about healing. The reason why his blood had healing abilities to begin with was because of how densely his body was packed with vital energy. In a few hours to a couple of days at most, he would be back to normal. That's if he relied only on himself.

If Lex walked into the ORR then his hand would regrow in a few minutes.

The two were not needed for the remainder of the process, but they stayed anyway. The birth of such a sword deserved witnesses. What they didn't realize, since they were deep underground, was that above the forge, in the sky, thick black clouds began to gather and flashes of multicolored lightning streaked through the clouds.

The rumbling of thunder began to coincide with each strike of Orin's hammer, and wild winds began to blow across the lands as if feeding the fires of his forge.

An earthquake shook the ground, but when Lex checked he realized that it was not the ground beneath him that was shaking, but the ceiling above him. The roof began to pull apart, rocking loose many massive rocks and boulders that Lex promptly flung aside. But once the initial devastation ended, he noticed that the sky was suddenly visible.

"BY THE POWER OF THE HAMMER DEITY," Orin's voice suddenly boomed across the hall, "BY THE WILL OF THE EARTH, THE BREATH OF THE REALM AND THE TEARS OF THE SKY…"

The dwarfs' voices echoed throughout not only the chamber, but the bowl within the mountain range, and then even farther. Between hammer strikes his tiny body suddenly disappeared, and a massive figure made of pure light appeared in the sky, bigger than even the mountains.

"...I STRIKE!" he roared, and instead of a hammer, a bolt of blue lightning zapped through the sky and struck the blade.

"I STRIKE!" Another bolt of lightning struck the blade, as is tempering it.

"I STRIKE!" One more, and this time the bolt contained so much power that even Lex and Luthor were pushed back by the aura alone. But by the third strike, the sword had changed, and began to float in the air, under the holy light that Orin exuded.

Its appearance was rapidly changing, and Lex could feel that an aura of its own began to develop in the sword. But the process wasn't over yet. The blade was still red hot, not only from the lightning, but from the dragon fire as well. It needed to be quenched.

As if on cue, the clouds above them broke into rain, but it wasn't water that the clouds were giving out. Instead it was pure, liquid spiritual essence.

Orins figure disappeared from the sky and the dwarf reappeared in front of Lex, kneeling in exhaustion and weakness. Even though he was the first dwarf, and even though he was a deity, he had been weakened extensively over the years.

Lex reached to help him up, but he quickly waved him away.

"Forget me you fool. Clasp your sword and give it a name, quick, before it takes a name of its own."

Urged on by Orin, Lex nodded and then walked towards the floating sword, its aura rapidly evolving. The sword tried to resist Lex as he reached for it, but how could anything stop him?

Lex grabbed the handle of the sword, which fortunately no longer looked like his hand, with his left hand, and felt something connect the sword to his soul. But the bond was still weak. To strengthen the bond, he would need to name the sword.

'Crap,' Lex thought to himself as he tried to think of cool names. Why did this seem so much more intimidating than facing death?



Chapter 1112 Naraka

If Lex had known he'd be put on the spot like this he would have never made the sword to begin with! Or maybe, he would have just spent some time thinking of a name. Should he use a pun involving his name? The Lexicon?

No, that was dumb. Should he fuse his and Orin's name to pay tribute to the sword maker? Lorin? Orix? Hmm, still pretty meh.

Butter knife 2.0? It was tempting, but the sword deserved a serious name that sounded cool and intimidating at the same time.

Time seemed to slow down as thousands of names went through Lex's mind, but the more he thought about it, the worse his ideas became. Although, admittedly, that was because Lex kept thinking of different renditions of the Lexicon.

Once he was truly convinced that he could not give his sword a name based on a pun, he thought of a name seriously for a moment. Since he had somewhat reluctantly admitted that he had anger issues, sometimes, and whenever he faced a foe, he didn't just want to defeat them, he wanted to punish them, Lex decided to name his sword after hell.

But calling his sword hell did not sound right. In that case… he decided to name his sword Naraka, which was hell in Buddhism from back on earth.

As soon as he decided on the name he felt the connection between him and the sword strengthen. The aura of the sword finally stopped changing, and the persona of the sword was finally formed. It gave off the incredible heat of dragon fire, and radiated the wrath of hell. It was a weapon to punish and torture his enemies, and lay waste to any who stood in his way.

It was a little extreme, to be honest. Lex was a peaceful guy. He never picked fights. In fact, when others picked fights with him, he did his best to end those fights as quickly as possible. But since he had a sword now, he might as well keep it.

Lex channeled his sword intent into the sword and the silver sword began to give off a white light, which made sense since his sword intent had become visible as of late.

"It's incredible," whispered Lex, looking towards the exhausted Orin.

"The first kill of this sword needs to be worthy of the blade," Orin said, as he slowly picked himself up. "If you get an unworthy kill as its first, then it's bad luck."

Lex frowned. Where was he going to find a worthy kill? It wasn't like he kept a bunch of enemies in the basement so that he could kill them whenever he wanted.

"Searching for such an enemy will be a hassle," Lex said.

"But you must do it. Do not let the first blood your sword feels belong to a weakling. What did you decide to name it, by the way?"

"It is called Naraka, and represents sixteen layers of hell."

"A worthy name," he said. "Now leave me be. I need rest. My powers have not returned yet."

"If you need rest, then in that case…" Lex pulled on his connection with his sword, and it disappeared inside his body.

Grinning in satisfaction, Lex grabbed the dwarfs shoulder as well as Luthor, and teleported back to the Inn.

"Take some time to rest up here. You'll recover much quicker here than anywhere else."

Without giving Orin a chance to protest, Lex teleported away. This did not count as kidnapping. Orin was just a grumpy old dwarf who would never admit he liked or wanted to do something unless someone forced him. Like a young child.

Lex was about to hop into the ORR to reconstruct his hand so he could leave when he received an unexpected notification.

Quest complete: Host a Deity!

Quest reward: Holy Shoot!

Remark: You forgot to do this quest, didn't you? DIDN'T YOU?

Lex paused, and refused to acknowledge that he had forgotten about this quest. Orin was a deity, or rather, he became a deity after receiving the worship of other dwarves for so long. More importantly, becoming a deity allowed him to live beyond his natural lifespan and ensure the continued success of his race. But even as a deity, it was weaker than the Heavenly tree. After all, strictly speaking, he was not a Mythical being.

Lex shrugged and checked out his reward.

Holy Shoot: A shoot of a vine that grows grapes filled with divine energy!

He sent the vine to the turtle. He could see that it had a lot of potential, and not just to make amazing wine! Divine energy was actually not easy to accumulate, so having a fruit full of it was amazing.

But for now he had to heal his arm and then return to the Origin realm after fifteen whole years. He actually felt a little excited about it.

"Hey Lex, before you leave the Inn, don't forget to look at the refugees from earth."

"Ugh, they're fine. I am not going back there."

"Hey, just because they made a few bad movies about the Innkeeper does not mean…"

"A few bad movies Mary? They wrote fanfiction novels about the Inn workers falling in love with each other. They wrote the masked Tyrants backstory being that he was actually shy which is why he wears masks! They made a movie about how Harry is actually cupid just because he's a Glamour Sorcerer. They… they…"

"Alright, alright, you're just upset because last year you won the title of Forever alone in their annual genocide survival party."

"God dammit, I've had a girlfriend before. Besides, this body is 15 years old! It's not exactly appropriate for me to date right now."

"Hey, hey, you don't have to explain anything to me. I believe you. But you still have to check up on them. They've been requesting help again. It might be another monster in their realm."

"Tell Z to go check it out. Since they love him so much, he can do it."

"Are you jealous that he got a monument?"

Lex snorted. He was not jealous.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m



Chapter 1113 Only one choice

Lex grumbled as he walked towards the ORR. He had a stump instead of a hand. The Origin realm was waiting for him to return to. There was some critical mission waiting for him on some utopia planet. He didn't have time to be babysitting a few earthlings.

Just because they had rapidly grown in technology, civilization and cultivation without massive corporations bottleneck progress for personal gain, they all thought they were so amazing. Who even cared that in a mere fifteen years they had surpassed human civilization back on earth? Or used science to explain cultivation? Or created a machine that used dumb A.I. meaning A.I. that won't gain a soul as well as the Midnight Inn's massive catalog of techniques to create a machine that analyzes humans and designs a cultivation technique and method suited specifically for them? Lex certainly didn't.

Lex snorted once more. How dare they make a video game about the Midnight Inn and keep him as an unlockable side character?

"Mary, spread the word," Lex said as he went to get his arm fixed. "In exactly twelve hours, the Midnight Inn will be opening back up. To commemorate our reopening, there is going to be an event, and after that we will be kicking off the Midnight Games once more. But the games are going to be a little different this time. Instead of worlds, participants will be individuals and represent only themselves, or a small group."

"Any details on what the event will be?" Mary asked. Oddly enough, this was the first time Lex had mentioned something like this.

"No. The workers all just need to know that we will be expecting a sudden influx of new guests. I will try to keep the numbers low for now though."

It would be great if Lex could just open up the system, do the task in Utopia, and then lock it back down. The Midnight realm had more than everything he needed to grow, and now with the Inn being able to support tribulations once more, he could easily stay here until he became an immortal.

Unfortunately, however, he was leaning more and more towards the idea of being the best. Even though he knew that saying it was much easier than doing it, and this was most certainly a path for him to just die, just imagining a normal life seemed boring to him. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

But more important than just boredom, unless he wanted to give up the Midnight Inn, he would constantly be exposing himself to all the powerful beings in the universe. This would be even more so as the system recovered greater functionality.

For example, right now he had an ongoing quest to connect 30 more planets to the system within the next 3 years, with the passage of time being based on the Midnight realm.

This was not actually difficult for Lex anymore, even if it required him to have the Inn open for a while. But it was only a matter of time before this quest evolved into connecting other realms to the Inn, this time on purpose.

If he continued to just rely on bluffing, then there would eventually come a day he would be discovered. So, very literally, unless he gave up the Inn, he would at the very least, need to reach the Dao Lord realm. But even that might not be enough.

Ignoring the mysterious guy who showed up to the Inn one day and guided him towards nabbing a dragon, back in the Crystal realm he had apparently been visited by someone above the Dao Lord realm.

Since the system was apparently open for the whole universe, it would not be a stretch to say that one day, maybe a million years later, or maybe even a hundred million years later, or perhaps much longer than that or even sooner than that, he might be visited by such a being at the Inn. If that happened, would he be able to maintain the facade?

Over the past few years, without one crisis after another distracting him, Lex had much more time to think. That resulted in him realizing that his very survival depended on two things: either he give up the system, or become drastically more powerful.

Honestly, he had grown too fond of the Inn and everyone in it, so he wasn't willing to give up. That left only one viable option - become stronger than any other foe out there who might seek to challenge him? And wasn't that essentially the same thing as becoming the best?

To that end, he had been doing a lot of research these past few years. He talked to his idiotic system and forced it to give him quest rewards in the form of knowledge that he had hidden deep within the Midnight library.

That knowledge basically only pertained to one thing: how to become the best. Whether it was fortunate or unfortunate, on such a path, Lex needed to be proactive. He could no longer wait for prizes to fall into his lap, or wait to encounter good luck.

He already had possibly the best cultivation technique in existence, so now he just needed to make use of it in the best way. So, after much research, he had discovered the best conditions and circumstances under which he should become an immortal, and for that, he had to return to the Origin realm.

Not only did he need to return, he was on a time limit. His growth in the Nascent realm was much quicker than anticipated, and Lex actually had to put seals on his own body to prevent himself from automatically growing into the next level. But those seals had now begun to fail.

Lex had a matter of months to arrange everything.

So it was not just the Midnight Inn that would be returning to the Origin realm. It would also be Lex the dragon slayer, and if the amount of attention his previous stunt with the dragon attracted was anything to go by, then what he had planned for his grand return would turn him into an overnight sensation. Hence the need to forge himself a proper weapon, as well as the few other preparations he had made.



Chapter 1114 Open once more

﻿﻿Lex played with the event panel, setting the parameters for the upcoming event. Although the event panel was already one of the most powerful and versatile panels Lex had for the entire system, it had undergone drastic improvements over the last few years.

A rise in Lex's authority had directly contributed to that, as well as the higher functionality of the system. But if he had to be honest, the thing that most improved how much he could control the system was absorbing the Amber Chaos resin.

There was a phenomenon that affected the whole realm when Lex absorbed it, and it improved Lex so drastically that it was fairly unbelievable. That was why he had hurried over and absorbed a second piece as well, but absorbing a second piece of resin did not produce nearly as much of a difference as the first, so instead Lex decided to collect the resin and store them for when he might need them in the future.

Of course, he also had Jack absorb one as well. That left a total of 7 pieces of resin that were currently stored in Lex's museum, surrounded by countless formations designed to hide their auras.

It was not just a drastic improvement in his body's strength, resilience, defense, char, potential, and many more things. It directly catapulted Lex's rank on the Cosmic Ascendance spectrum by a large degree.

He was now fairly certain that, as an individual, his rank on that list was above most races like devils, angels and the like. He was not sure how he compared to Celestials, but Lex did notice that he could directly ignore a majority of the effect that Dragons Might had on him previously.

With the upgrade in his rank on that list, the system was a lot more cordial to him, even though Lex could clearly tell that it did not want to be. It was a strange thing that his system was developing a personality. Perhaps this was a result of him not absorbing it into his soul.

Regardless, since then, the system was a lot more flexible in the things it allowed Lex to do.

For example, for his upcoming event, Lex was directly taking control over a feature of the Inn that had always been random.

He was taking Blend reality, which basically mixed portions of actual worlds or realms linked to the system and turned them into entrances to the Inn, and mixing it with an element of the Pro bono room. Basically, the Pro bono room had a way to detect any living thing that was in need of rescuing, and would bring them to the Inn.

He was taking the element of searching for those in need, pairing it with Blend reality, and setting a target number. To start with, to ensure that nothing untoward happened, he selected the option of looking for 1000 individuals in dire need and bringing them to the Inn through Blend reality.

The Inn had no shortage of guests who liked it, and would visit it, but he wanted to find people who would be desperately grateful to the Inn. For one, he wanted to sow positive karma as well as attract guests who had positive feelings for the Inn, and on another note he just wanted to raise his Satisfaction rating.

The event would kick off, thousands of extremely grateful guests would come to the Inn, and after he was sure that there were no issues, he would raise the number significantly. At the same time, he had already prepared a way for him to go to Yildirim Utopia by shifting his tavern around until he found a trade planet from where he could purchase something that belonged to the Utopia.

Now he just needed to tear a ticket and go there. Not only would he end up linking the planet, but he would also fulfill whatever task he desperately needed to do there.

Time passed quickly, and Lex finally ended the Inn's lockdown. At the same time, the reopening event kicked off, and Lex tore his ticket to Yildirim Utopia, teleporting over.

Across the Origin realm, Crystal realm and the Midnight realm, countless living beings on the verge of death suddenly discovered an opportunity to survive. It was a split second opportunity, and most of them immediately took advantage of it. Only one was too slow, unable to enter the Inn before being cut down.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

999 confused, worn, beaten living creatures suddenly appeared in the Inn. Most of them were beasts, and they sustained considerable injuries which needed immediate treatment. Some were plants, others were monsters, and a few were ordinary sentient beings, while one was a 2D character who disappeared off the page of a comic book.

The page in the comic where he died was empty, confusing the little human who was reading the comic. How could the last page be empty? But no one could give him an answer.

Lex, who had full faith in his workers, especially now that most of them were either in the Golden core or Nascent realm, ventured off on his own journey.

Surprisingly little was known about Yildirim Utopia, and even the item he had collected belonging to this planet had been smuggled off. If he could have personally entered the emporium he could have gathered information, but his projection could not leave the tavern, so he was forced to arrive here with no real knowledge of this place.

His first and immediate impression of the place was that… it was actually pretty nice! The weather was nice and warm, without being hot even by mortal standards, and the flora as far as he could see resembled earth.

Lex was standing on a beach, and the gentle waves ebbed and flowed, tickling Lex's toes as the water ran over them.

A few seagulls flew in the sky, hunting for prey, while a number of animals randomly occupied the ground. A bale of turtles had half buried themselves in the sand, enjoying their warmth. Countless fish filled the water, even this close to the shore, revealing how rich and full the water was.

Lex was expecting to feel nausea upon once more returning to the Origin realm, but something about this place actually felt quite soothing. It was relaxing in a way that even the Inn wasn't. How curious.



Chapter 1115 Saintess Yildrim

﻿﻿Around the time that Lex reopened the Inn to the universe, there was a small wooden pirate ship floating in the air. There was a fairy sleeping at the helm, it's feet up on the steering wheel. On the deck there was a small owl, which would from time to time rotate its head around and glare at a tiny, crystal alligator sleeping on the deck.

The alligator had come out of the crystal egg Jack had rescued, and for the most part all it did was sleep. As if that was not enough, everything it touched began to turn to crystal. Jack actually had to spend several months strengthening the ship to resist the crystallization process. Sure that ultimately made the ship stronger, but Ollie still didn't like it.

But even more than the alligator, it hated the first mate! It was a unicorn that had suffered from extreme dwarfism, making it only a few inches large. Yet even if it wanted to complain it could not. The unicorn was too strong, weaker only than the captain. Moreover, its magic was absolutely terrifying. But no matter what the case was, it had skipped the order of seniority by directly becoming the first mate.

Suddenly, Jack opened his eyes.

"Guys, it's time. Tiny-Sparkles, open the sails. Everyone else, man your stations. We're heading out!"

Tiny-Sparkles, the unicorn, responded in a deep, reverberating voice, "for the last time captain, we don't need sails to travel through realms."

But even as it complained, the unicorn did as it was told. Captain Jack cared a lot about looking cool, which would have made him a terrible captain if he wasn't otherwise competent in every other way as well.

Jack did not respond. He was focused on the ancient, strange temple they were in. By all accounts, this thing should not have existed in the Midnight realm. But it did, and as far as Jack could tell after years of research, it was also connected to some unknown realm that the Inn had never touched upon before.

This was a perfect time to begin his own journey, untouched by the system and Lex. At the same time, he could feel the call to adventure in his blood. It was risky, sure, but by now Jack was completely used to his fairy powers. He was more than confident in surviving.

Energy filled the ancient pillars of the temple, activating a teleportation formation that seemed to have been formed naturally.

Then, one second later, they were gone. Moments later the temple began to crumble, but as it did, it revealed an engraving that had long been hidden, even from Jack's inspection as well as Lex's. It disappeared before anyone could see, though if Lex had seen it, he would have recognised it as the Tower of Providence.

It was the same tower that teleported him away back in the Crystal realm, and it was the tower which worked across the entire universe, combating the powers of chaos. It was also the same tower that gave Lex the Taro fertilizer, the very thing that allowed the Realm seed to mature so quickly.

Elsewhere, in the Origin realm, a meeting was being convened between various members of the Henali race. Each attending member was a Dao Lord.

"According to our agents, the Midnight inn has reopened," the Henali convening the meeting said.

"Has it been confirmed that it has really opened in a brand new realm?"

"Yes, as far as we can tell, it is an entirely new realm. It hasn't even finished using up its Cosmic Sea."

"What is the Innkeeper thinking, opening up such a place to the universe?"

"The Innkeeper is too mysterious. No matter how I divine things related to him, I can learn nothing of him. Moreover, we strongly suspect that the Innkeeper came to the Origin realm because he found some mysterious treasure. It might be related to the birth of this new realm?"

"Do you think he's discovered the truth?" one of the Henali said, a tinge of anger in his voice.

"No, I doubt it. As far as we can tell, he even initiated a fight with one of the local deities, so it is unlikely he knows of what the Origin realm is truly hiding. But it's hard to say for certain. His motives are too... I don't even have the right word for it. Why would he open up a new realm to the universe? I simply cannot understand it. If it were me, I would spend the next billion years refining the realm and consolidating my Dao if I encountered a new realm."

"What if... what if he is close to the next realm?"

No one spoke after that. The realm after the Dao Lord realm. Even the Henali Dao Lords lacked the courage to think about that realm.

"Send a report back home, as well as a Golden key. Tell them we have decided to pursue friendly relations with the Midnight Inn. As for the seniors… well, if they decide to look into the Inn, they'll surely find out if the Innkeeper is truly close to that realm."

"Do you want to take a look at the new realm yourself? Since it's an Inn, we can surely visit, right?"

"Send someone to investigate first. Ask for permission. The Innkeeper left the Origin realm because he was dissatisfied with us. It's best not to provoke him further."

"Send that human, he seems to be on good terms with him. Also, keep a few agents there just to watch and report, but don't do anything else."𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Good. We will decide on this matter after the tourney finishes."

"Excellent."

Across the Origin and Crystal realms, the return of the Midnight inn suddenly sparked a great interest. Besides the vested interests of countless powerful beings, just the fact that the two realms were embroiled in war made the Inn invaluable. It was the perfect retreat in a dire situation, not to mention a secure location for meetings.

Even though Lex intended for his return to be gradual, within the first few minutes there were already hundreds of thousands of guests coming to the Inn.

Lex himself, meanwhile, was kept abreast of all information by Mary. But he was not concerned. The Inn could handle such an influx.

Instead, he was more concerned about the strange environment on this planet. The more time he spent here, the more oddities he noticed.

Lex's body had been improved to the utmost by two resins, to the extent that he had put various seals on his body restricting his power lest he burst into the immortal realm. Yet even so, Lex could detect that if he stayed in such an environment, over the course of many years, his soul would become stronger.

This was something that not even the Midnight realm could do. It could aid in improving cultivation, but improving the soul just through the environment alone was absurd. Even being in the literal soul plane could not do that.

Lex began to explore the planet, walking unseen among the residents. Most of them were not too strong to begin with. The majority of the people were in the Qi Training realm or Foundation realm, with a few Golden core cultivators seen here and there.

If he entered a large city he could even spot a Nascent soul cultivator, though he immediately noticed that all Nascent soul cultivators, each and every one of them, was a soldier or a guard.

Another peculiar thing he noticed was that this place really seemed to be a utopia. The leader of this planet, known only as Saintess Yildrim, had worked extensively to transform the planet over the last decade or so.

She had done extensive civil and humanitarian work, to the point where no person needed to ever work to live a comfortable life. All the basic needs were provided. But oddly enough, providing such a situation created an environment where many people actually wanted to work, and took up many odd jobs.

Farming was by far the most popular, followed by working with animals, then being a school teacher. These were the three most desirable jobs on the entire planet, as they provided the most fulfillment and satisfaction.

But at the same time, the laws were also incredibly strict. There was no room for things like abuse, theft and the likes. As Lex walked from town to town, from city to city, he saw a scene right out of a fairy tale. It was not that negative emotions did not exist on this planet anymore. But that everyone had been trained how to deal with and vent those emotions in a productive and healthy way. It almost seemed ridiculous.

Lex began to genuinely admire this saintess, and decided that maybe he should meet her. After all, he could not find any other reason why he needed to be on this planet, so he began to search for her.

That's when, for the first time since coming here, Lex sensed a hint of maliciousness.



Chapter 1116 Lex?

The sensation was not originating from some specific person or place. There was just a hint of it mixed in with the general environment. It was like an?unexpected, unpleasant smell in an otherwise nice place.

Lex had become more sensitive to such things in the last few years while he tried to hone his powers and abilities. Since he could read people's emotions really well, it was just one step forward to sense the influence their thoughts and emotions had on their surroundings.

In summary, it was a cultivator version of a vibe check. Some people, while putting up a front of being kind and amicable, were harboring dark thoughts relating to the Saintess Yildrim. It wasn't too surprising since she kept a firm check on anyone who wanted to do anything illegal.

Most people took advantage of the great facilities provided and the actual utopian civilization, but some wanted other things. Some people just enjoyed hurting others. Not to mention, the Utopia probably had enemies of its own.

It took Lex many years to get his hands on an item from there, and in that time he had learned a few things about it. The Utopia existed within the Jotun empire, but there was almost no information on it. No one knew which power controlled the planet, not that there were many people looking for it. There was no significant import or export from the planet, and its people could not even access the Henali portal.

But to be a part of the empire and remain so well hidden, some big power was definitely controlling it, and they no doubt had enemies too. So it was not surprising that there were people targeting the saintess despite all the good she had done.

But more than her hand in creating a utopia, Lex strongly suspected that she was being targeted because she knew the reason why souls were being nourished on this planet. Such a thing would spark greed in anyone's heart.

Lex began to Blink around the planet, searching from city to city for signs of the saintess. She had countless palaces where she could reside in, but all of them were empty. Moreover, no one knew where she might be either. She managed to keep her whereabouts extremely private.

But if Lex could find even the resin in the hidden corners of the Midnight realm, then finding a saintess was not a real challenge. It took him only a few hours to find a trace of the saintess, at which point it was only a matter of a few more teleportations to find her.

There was a massive white palace with countless spires rising into the sky. It was built on the side of a mountain with a deep lake filling the valley beside it. Doves, ducks and geese could be seen everywhere, while wild lilies covered the entire mountains.

It was as if this place specifically was the center of purity. All dirt from the world seemed to be washed away close to the palace. The air here seemed more… Lex had no words for it, but it was somehow more clear and fresh than even the air in the Inn. His body right now had no impurities in it whatsoever, but he suspected if he had any, coming to this place would have removed them.

The scene was too beautiful to be reality - too perfect. It was as if something like this should only exist in paintings.

The only flaw, if it could be called that, was the absolute stillness of the palace. Compared to its surroundings, which were filled with an abundance of life, the palace seemed lifeless. There were no guards, no workers, no residents. He spread out his spirit sense to check the castle and finally found a few living people.

Lex frowned. The people he found were clearly assassins, searching the palace for the saintess, yet she was nowhere to be found. It was as if the palace truly was empty, but he had followed signs of her to this place, so she should have been in the castle.

Even if she wasn't, the origin of whatever made this planet so pure was definitely here, but he could not find it either. Perhaps it was hidden in some chamber that his spirit sense could not see through. But to achieve such protection and secrecy that even he could not see through it was not an easy feat.

Just to be sure, Lex activated the power of his left eye and was stunned by what he saw. There was something absolutely powerful in the palace subtly affecting the laws of the entire realm, slowly changing them!

Now that Lex had his own realm, he knew exactly how difficult it was to affect laws, let alone the fundamental laws that made up a realm. The Midnight realm was brand new so it was still easier to do so there, but it would be exponentially more difficult to achieve the same result here. But it was clearly happening in front of him.

He suddenly began to understand why Vera had sent him here. Whatever could affect the laws of the Origin realm absolutely could not fall into the hands of people with ulterior motives.

But he didn't act immediately. He teleported to the palace, but just kept a close eye on the assassins while he himself also explored. The vast, spotless halls of the palace were truly devoid of any living presence. In fact, Lex was certain that he was the first person ever to enter many of the rooms he strolled through.

Since he could find any people, Lex decided to go towards the origin of the purity of this place. That was much easier to track, as he could noticeably feel the environment improving as he went in the right direction. As a result, he could also tell that the assassins were also aiming for the same target, and they were much closer.

Unwilling to prolong the matter, he directly teleported to the assassins. There were three human assassins, and one of them was a white snake.

His abrupt arrival startled them, but they did not hesitate in attacking him.

"It's a bodyguard! Quickly get past him," one of the assassins yelled, but it was futile. They were too weak and he was too strong. These enemies were unworthy of Naraka, so he just pulled out the Butter Knife and sliced through them all.

Three bodies fell on the floor and the snake stopped moving. They were not dead yet, but they were unconscious. Lex turned around, and was startled by the sight of a person who he suspected was the saintess.

She lay in a hammock hung between two pillars, looking out towards the scenery from a balcony. Lex could not actually see her, since he was standing behind her and the hammock blocked the view. But that was besides the point.

She was right there in the room with him, but he could not sense her with his spirit sense at all. Even his instincts were unusually silent in this situation. It was as if she wasn't there at all, though he could see the hammock. But she was obviously there.

She must have been wearing some extremely extraordinary equipment to be so well hidden.

Another thing was strange was that the fight, however brief, happened right behind her. The assassin had even yelled out, calling him a bodyguard, but she did not move at all.

It was as if she was dead. Or maybe she was just a very deep sleeper. But concluding that was too unbelievable, Lex tried to probe the situation.

"Excuse me for my uninvited arrival, saintess. I could not hold myself back when I sensed the assassins about to make a move. I am also a big fan of your work on this planet, and was looking forward to meeting you," he said as formally and politely as he could manage.

There was some movement in the hammock finally, and the saintess replied, "thank you for your help, although I was not in as much danger as you might have imagined. I'm always protected."

The saintess had a delicate voice, but it sounded forlorn more than anything. It was, as if, her protection was a topic of great remorse for her rather than providing her with a feeling of safety.

Lex froze. His eyes opened wide and his jaw nearly dropped. But then suddenly a trace of doubt filled his mind. It couldn't be…

"I'm glad you were safe, then. But I truly still admire what you've done on this planet. I have never seen anyone else create such a peaceful and fulfilling environment." Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

There was a long silence, but eventually the saintess simply replied, "thank you."

Shock filled Lex's eyes, and he suddenly teleported right in front of the saintess, finally gazing upon her fair visage. She was a young lady of immaculate beauty, and everything about her radiated an aura of purity and simplicity.

"Moon!" Lex exclaimed, recognising his youngest sister.

The saintess flashed open her closed eyes and locked onto Lex's face.

"Lex?"



Chapter 1117 Seals

Generally, Lex was able to maintain his composure regardless of the situation. In fact, more often than not, the more serious a situation was, the better he would be at controlling himself. He had to be like this, considering the fact that he regularly faced extremely powerful beings that could easily eradicate him.

In fact, Lex could say for certain that if the saintess had any other identity at all, whether it be some ancient deity or a secret Dao Lord or some unimaginable entity with a power scale he could not comprehend, he would still not have been shocked.

But brought face to face with little Moon, his youngest sister, thoroughly stumped him. How many years had it been since he had last seen her? Considering that he had spent 15 years in the Midnight realm, and hadn't seen her for years even before that, it was close to two decades.

Had it… had it really been so long?

He could not help but take in her entire appearance, and compare it to his memories. His youngest sister had, naturally, been the naughtiest and most spoiled of the siblings. She got everything she wanted and their parents were always more lenient with her. Even among the siblings, they tended to spoil her more.

If Lex had to describe her in a few simple words, he would go with youthful, vibrant, energetic and mischievous.

But the grown woman before Lex's eyes seemed too different, despite having the same face and voice.

Even for her, it had been many years already since she last saw him.

"Moon what are you doing over here?" Lex asked, shocked. Even as he asked the question he realized it was a stupid one, but his ordinarily very quickly brain was currently experiencing lag. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"What am I doing here? What are you doing here? Last I heard, you had disappeared from earth. No one could find you. Belle was worried sick, even if she didn't show it."

Lex's emotions fluctuated as he recalled the various things his family had kept from him. Had Moon been in on it as well? He scanned her with his spirit sense and realized she was in the Golden core, confirming that she must have been cultivating from a young age. But instead of being upset, Lex instead felt alarmed.

He stepped closer and grabbed her thin, frail arms. He used his various senses to probe her body and discovered something that alarmed him!

"Why are you so weak? You're even weaker than a mortal!" he said, feeling genuine concern take hold.

But in response Moon only smiled weakly, her expression filled with endless hidden regrets.

Before she could explain, a strange pulse of energy distracted Lex.

The assassins he defeated lay unconscious still, but clearly some failsafe had been triggered. A strange crystal emerged from within their bodies and began to pulse together.

Lex detected a spatial disturbance.

Without hesitating he attacked the crystals, but his attack was easily rebuffed. Whatever was happening had been arranged by at least an Earthen immortal.

Lex took out a golden key and threw it towards Moon.

"Someone is opening a portal to you, and it's probably more assassins - at the Earth immortal level at the very least. Use the key, it'll take you to a place called the Midnight Inn, you'll be safe there. I'll try to see if I can find out who is behind all this."

Moon gave Lex an amused look.

"Even if an Earth immortal attacks, I'm completely safe on this planet," Moon assured him. "There is a very large protective formation around this planet that is being powered by the star in the center of this star system. The sole purpose of that formation is to protect me. I can't be hurt even if I want to. See."

As if to demonstrate what she meant, Moon bit the skin on her hand. Lex was waiting to see the supposed formation work, but instead Moon's frail hand began to bleed.

Lex only raised an eyebrow, but Moon's pupils contracted in shock! The formation was actually not working!

"Something is wrong with the formation!" she said, a panic finally bleeding into her voice.

"Alright, it's not a big deal even if the formation fails. Just go to the Midnight Inn and I'll take care of things over here. Don't take your big brother lightly."

Lex paused upon saying that. Between the two of them, he was the one who looked like he was younger. But that was just in appearance. He was still older where it counted!

"No, you don't understand, I can't leave this planet. We need to immediately contact someone," she said as she pulled out a device from a spatial equipment, but it also seemed to not be working.

She was panicking more and more, and Lex could see that just the strain of panicking was affecting her physically. For that matter, he realized that she hadn't moved much this entire time.

Deep anger flashed in Lex's heart, but he quickly suppressed it. He didn't know much about his family, or what secrets they had been keeping from him, but since they were linked to the powerful Williams family, how could Moon have been ignored to such an extent? How could his parents leave her in such a condition?

But he would get to that later. For now he had to deal with the current situation.

"Moon this is not a joke. Dealing with the immortal is not an issue but I can't do that without hurting you. You need to go to the Inn. Trust me, it's absolutely safe. You can come back once this is over."

She had to hurry, because the spatial anomaly was increasing and Lex could tell someone was about to teleport over. Even with his amazing spatial affinity, he could not prevent this teleportation from occurring. Whoever had set this up was using much more brute force than Lex could easily counter.

"Lex, it's not that I don't want to go," Moon desperately explained, "but that I really can't leave this planet. My soul has been chained to this planet. If I move away from this planet, if I so much as even fly too high in the sky, my soul will be extinguished. The formation around this planet was not put in place just to protect me from attacks. It was put there to make sure I don't try anything that'll hurt myself."

It… it was a painful admission, but there had been days where she really had been very desperate. She had never reached the point of wanting to commit suicide, but her grandfather wanted to take no risks, and so her safe haven also became her prison.

Lex's head snapped from the spatial anomaly to Moon, and suddenly he saw things in a new light. He used his soul sense and discovered that the size of Moon's soul in her body was actually no larger than a coin.

But from within that coin emerged a long, thin rope that exited from within her body and went down towards the center of the planet.

"Lex you should run. They won't kill me, but they will kill you," Moon began to say desperately, tears beginning to fill the corner of her eyes. Her weak body began to tremble under the emotional strain, but the more it was like this, the more effort Lex had to put in to keep his anger from bubbling up.

In the end, instead of saying anything, Lex smiled at her.

"Hey little sis, have I… have I ever met your real body before? Or was everything back on earth just… just made up?"

Moon was stunned by the question. This was not the time to dwell on such things. Even she could feel the enormous aura rising behind her. She wanted more than anything to spend time with Lex. It had been so long since she met someone in person. But the situation…

Before Moon could answer, Lex reached forward and wiped the tears that were about to fall from her eyes.

"Relax, little Moon. I'm here. It's going to be okay."

Oh Lex was really looking forward to beating the living hell out of someone right now. Fortunately, there was a volunteer coming towards him just in time.

Lex tore his shirt and revealed three seals on his chest that kept his cultivation under control. The middle one looked like a piece of jewelry that was embedded right into his chest. It was something he made on his own, and it was responsible for containing most of his power sealed.

The other two, however, consisted of a Glyph that was embedded into his skin, and a tattoo that looked like a tiny lotus.

Lex did not want to undo too many of his seals because it would cause hiccups in his plans, but when circumstances did not allow it, there was no point in dwelling on these things.

The Glyph disappeared from his skin, and the lotus began to fade.

Lex's aura did not explode, because as long as the third seal wasn't undone he could still decently control his power. But to face an immortal, two seals should be more than enough. Probably. He'd never tried before, so he could only find out now.



Chapter 1118 Give me names

Why were immortals so much more powerful than mortals? It was not just because it was, obviously, a higher realm in cultivation. Immortals were a higher form of existence.

For someone following the normal route of progressing, reaching the Nascent realm made them barely strong enough to just detect the laws of the universe vaguely. It was mere detection, not interaction or manipulation. It was, instead, when they became immortals that their bodies and souls would be strengthened enough to tolerate the burden of touching upon laws, and their tenets could act as anchors to keep them from being swept away when they touched the laws in any way.

So, in essence, their base strength came from the fact that they had to be strong enough for their body to not fall apart under the burden of laws, while the limits of their individual power came from how much or how deeply they could influence those laws. That was also why tenets were so important: they directly impacted how an immortal not only perceived laws, but how they interacted with them.

For an ordinary person, that was not a simple divide to cross. For Lex, it was something he had been doing for years already. A part of him wondered if he should take this opportunity to whet his sword as well, but then decided against it.

Lex watched as a portal opened and an Earth Immortal walked out of it. Unlike the realms before it, which were divided into early, middle, late and peak, the immortal realms were divided into nine sub-levels though he did not yet understand the significance of those levels.

Either way, this immortal who suddenly arrived seemed like he was close to the beginning of the immortal realm. Heck, even Qawain and Lilith seemed stronger.

The immortal ignored Lex and looked towards Moon, who still lay in her hammock. Even now, she did not really have the energy to move too much. The immortal smiled, and took in a deep whiff. The air, it smelled so…

Before the immortal could enjoy the prelude to his victory, Lex appeared in front of him and pushed his hand right into the immortal's chest.

"Hmm, you have thirteen tenets. No wait, fourteen tenets. Don't you think that's too many?" Lex asked.

Although his hand had pierced into his body, no blood was dripping. That was because Lex had not pierced his physical body, but rather his soul, and taken ahold of his tenets within.

Implementing his own, upgraded version of Impervious Hands, Lex could easily touch laws. In the case of immortals, he could directly influence whatever laws they were trying to manipulate, or even take control of their tenets deep within their soul.

The immortal looked at Lex, in shock. Seeing as how Lex was not doing anything, and just standing there, the immortal grabbed Lex's hand and tried to pull it out of his body to no avail.

He could not even cause Lex flinch, let alone move his entire hand. Seeing as how he could not pull out Lex's hand, he instead tried to punch him. But once again, Lex did not move at all. Instead, the immortal's hand fractured.

"Hmm, not so strong," Lex murmured.

Moon, who was trying to use all sorts of devices to call for help, was stunned. Although she could not turn to view what was happening, she could still use her spirit sense. The sight of the immortal struggling to resist Lex was enough to leave her flabbergasted.

"Just for my own reference," Lex asked, "what is your cultivation realm? Are you like a level 1 Earth immortal? Surely you can't be higher than a level 2."

"Do you know who you're up against?" the immortal asked instead, as he grit his teeth and began secretly preparing for an attack. He could not manipulate any laws because Lex had literally gripped his tenets, making it so that he dared not touch upon the laws. "It would be in your own best interest to step away. As long as we get the girl, no one will bother you."

"No, actually, I don't know who I'm up against. Why don't you enlighten me as to who exactly is interrupting my little reunion? Don't be afraid to get specific. Go ahead and take some names."

Moon smiled, and finally relaxed. It seemed like she had underestimated Lex.

"This is no joking matter. The Fuegan have taken notice of the saintess. One way or another, they will get their hands on her. This is not something someone at your level can resist."

Before Moon could process what she heard, and once again start to get worried, Lex asked, remaining nonchalant, "so like, the entire Fuegan race? Or like some specific Fuegan members? Like I said, names would really help."

The immortal was frustrated to see that his attempt to intimidate Lex failed, but either way he never intended to let Lex leave alive. Even if he could not use laws, he could still use other attacks!

A black, three pronged dagger appeared in his hand suddenly which he stabbed into Lex's neck! Lex was too close, he didn't get an opportunity to dodge at all.

With all his strength, as well as a special technique to increase the sharpness of the knife, the immortal cut Lex's neck, but… but nothing happened. The tip of the knife got stuck against the earliest signs of stubble Lex had just begun to show. Let alone skin, the knife could not even cut his not even fully grown facial hair!

"You know what, I'll just find out later." 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

In truth, Lex had not really dropped his guard this entire time. He was fully ready to unleash his power and crush the immortal's tenets at a moment's notice, but it turned out he was just too strong even before his final seal was opened.

Maybe he was a little too successful in his efforts to reach towards the strength of a Heavenly immortal dragon during his cultivation the past few years.



Chapter 1119 Basically just a butler

﻿﻿It actually made sense that Lex could so easily handle an immortal. His own strength was as such that he would immediately initiate the tribulation for the next realm if he hadn't kept his powers sealed. Thinking of it that way, what that meant was that he had already reached the power level of the next realm without actually entering the next realm.

But even if he was at that level, destroying someone's tenets using brute force wasn't something Lex could achieve. Unwilling to keep this farce going on for much longer, Lex immediately used Space Warp.

This was an ability he learned long ago which allowed him to bend space in a region as he wished, causing a massive spike in gravity. Considering the fact that he warped the space inside the immortal's soul, he finally managed to break his tenets.

Since the immortal realm was entirely based on tenets, the immortal suddenly became mortal. He coughed out blood, and the skin on various parts of his body erupted as immortal energy escaped his body. Technically speaking, the man would still have a physical body and soul of a similar strength to that of an immortal's, but he just would not have his tenets. The chances of him returning to the immortal realm were close to nil, not that Lex was going to leave him with the opportunity.

Lex pulled out the man's soul and used a sealing technique to imprison the soul inside a small gem. He'd question the man later. For now, it was best to focus on his sister's situation.

Also…

Lex reformed the Glyph on his chest, once again sealing a part of his power. It was too risky to keep his powers unsealed. He did not want to enter the immortal realm until the perfect opportunity came by, and that would take some more time.

If he wanted to bring back his third seal, he would need Lotus' help, and for that he would have to return to the Inn first.

"I'll admit, that was easier than I thought," Lex said as he walked back to Moon. "I haven't really faced off against an immortal recently, so I wasn't sure how tough it would be. Or maybe that was just a weak immortal."

Moon did not respond, and instead only looked at her brother. During their childhood, he had been quite different. If Belle were the one casually crushing a man, Moon would not have even blinked. But since when did Lex treat such things so casually?

Then again, he must have been through his fair share of problems.

"What are you looking at? Tell me about your situation with this planet. How can we fix this? If the Fuegan are really the ones targeting like that assassin said, then we haven't seen the last of them."Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"We can't fix this," Moon said, shaking her head. "It's a long story. You don't need to worry about me. As soon as someone realizes that there's something amiss, they'll quickly come and fix the formation. It won't take long."

"Moon, I am not leaving you here. They've basically trapped you in a prison. Your body is literally just a strong sneeze away from breaking in two. Not to mention, there's not a single person around you to even notice you getting assassinated. What the hell kind of family does this? I thought our parents were messed up for what they did to me, but this…"

"No, it's not like that," Moon said, trying to explain. She had initially been happy to see Lex once more, but as soon as that initial euphoria wore off she realized he couldn't stay here, or else he'd become just another victim like her. She needed to find a way to send him away.

"The palace is empty because I sent everyone away. I… I didn't want to be surrounded by servants and guards all day. Besides, my body's not as weak as you may think. I mean, technically speaking, this planet is also my body. Instead of imprisoning my soul inside the planet, they fused most of it with the planet. That way, my purification ability which constantly purifies my body will also automatically purify the planet. Theoretically speaking, I can create a literal holy zone for cultivation this way. So technically, my body is very strong. It's just my original body that's become a little weak. But because the planet is so large, and my soul is so weak, the fusion is not complete yet. That's why…"

Lex put his hand on her mouth, preventing her from speaking.

"Stop talking. You think too much. Just a few years apart is all it took for you to think you can have opinions now. You're forgetting that as the youngest, you're basically just the family butler. I'm taking you away from here, and then we can sit and catch up," Lex said sternly. Even his expression looked admonishing, though considering his youthful face it was hard to take it seriously.

"Are you sure I'm the younger one of us right now?" she asked using her spirit sense, a hint of amusement in her voice. Lex's lip twitched, but he ignored her.

There were two reasons he interrupted her. First was the revelation that her soul was actually fusing with the planet. Initially all he thought was that he would have to find a way to remove her soul from some kind of prison, but if there was a fusion process going on it might be much more complicated. Fortunately, the Inn did not discriminate in what kind of body its guests had when they teleported over. He just had to find out if he could actually accept a planet as a guest.

Secondly, he began to detect more spatial anomalies, and this time, they were much stronger. He could detect dozens of portals opening up just outside the planet's orbit, and his instincts were telling him he would not be able to deal with this situation as easily as he had with the single immortal.

"Mary, I have a new kind of guest I want to bring to the Inn. Do you think a golden key would work on an entire planet, or would I have to use a few more?"



