Chapter 980 Perfectly ambiguous

New Quest: The Midnight Realm is property of the Midnight Inn, but the realm is also home to countless others. As the Innkeeper, you can be magnanimous, but you cannot be unknown in your own home. Inaugurate the new location of the Midnight Inn, and make yourself known across the realm.

Quest Reward: Activation of basic Inn services.

Remarks: For your own sake, do not procrastinate… for once!

Lex read the quests and was thankful that he had not received one of the punishment quests he was told he would get. But maybe, in some way, this was a nearly impossible quest to fulfill! That was because, ordinarily, all he needed to do was spread his aura as the Innkeeper and it would suppress those who felt it.

But at the moment, the effects of the Host Attire were limited to the territory of the Inn. How was he supposed to make himself known across the entire realm?

As it turned out, it was not so hard. It only took him a moment to come up with a possible solution, but he had to be sure it would work before trying it. He couldn't afford to make himself look idiotic, at least while appearing as the Innkeeper.

Although he could not ask the system himself, he had a trusty intermediary for the process.

"Mary, if I use Inter-realm broadcast to… broadcast to the same realm, will that work?" he asked.

Inter-realm broadcast was the feature that allowed him to connect to the Crystal realm from the Origin realm, and possibly any other realm he unlocked. It caused a delay, but it allowed golden keys to be used across realms. Theoretically, it could also enable other features of the Inn.

So if it worked, then it would be very simple to spread not only his aura, but his image and his words across the entire realm.

Mary appeared before him, this time dressed as if she were cosplaying a cave woman.

"Most of the Inn's services are shut down, including the Inter-realm broadcast. You can manually turn it on, but that will take away from the amount of time you have with the Host Attire functioning."

"Is the guest registry shut down as well?" Lex asked suddenly. That was one of his major concerns for the new realm. Using it as a spatial anchor, he had been able to teleport over. That was all good and well when he needed it, but he did not want the spatial coordinates of his new realm being broadcasted out to a bunch of random people. It was not the kind of thing he wanted to leave to chance.

"Yup. Basically, other than aura suppression, realm support and housing, none of the other Inns functions are available. Realm support, by the way, means it's supporting those guests whose cultivation level is above what is allowed by the Midnight realm."

Lex nodded. He guessed as much. He was now ready to get on with the quest but first, he could not help but feel curious.

"You mind if I ask you a personal question?" he asked, hesitantly.

"Go ahead, though whether I can answer or not is up to the system."

"No, I don't think the system will have a problem with it. What I want to ask is… as the previous owner of this system, which is a pretty high level, you must have had a very high level yourself, right? You also probably lived a very long time? So… is there any particular reason you dress up like this?"

There was too much he didn't know about the universe? What if there was some kind of benefit to dressing according to certain circumstances?

Mary burst out laughing.

"I cannot comment on the system or my level, but there's a very simple reason why I dress up. It's because I want to. Doesn't this kind of getup match the setting of entering the primeval period of a new realm?"

Lex did not know how to respond. Why did Mary seem more like a teenager than some unbelievably powerful being who was even able to interfere with the system right under its nose? The very system that could teleport across the universe and control a newborn realm, even in its injured state!

Lex shook his head, but then closed his eyes as he composed himself. This was a big moment, he wanted to go over what he was going to say.

After a few moments, once he was ready, a projection of the Innkeeper appeared above the Midnight manor and immediately attracted the attention of those who were observing the chances.

Of the guests and workers, very few of them were awakeas most of them were deep within their meditations. But it did not matter. What was more important was that as the Innkeeper spread his aura, it slowly but surely filled all of the Inn's territory, freezing every animal, beast, plant, or basically anything alive with even the most basic of instincts.

The aura was warm, and calming, as usual. But at the same time, it was monumentally massive, consuming the entirety of their attention. It was not threatening, but it demanded their entire focus.

Then, like the flip of a switch, the same aura filled the entire realm! Though, admittedly, the aura expressed outside the boundary of the Inns territory was greatly subdued in comparison, for the sake of the realm itself.

But that did not change the fact that, in that moment, the entire realm was frozen still.

Lex did not mean to drag the matter on. As the Innkeeper, his every public appearance was short and to the point. It was a persona he purposefully created, and one he intended on maintaining.

That was the sole reason, and not at all because he did not want to waste his time keeping the Inter-realm broadcast active.

"Some of you may already know me," he began, softly. He did not need to raise his voice when his words automatically carried to every living being in the whole realm.

"Most of you will not. I am the Innkeeper, but that hardly matters. What is important, however, is that I have created this realm for my inn - the Midnight Inn. The Midnight Inn is a place where travelers from all over can come to rest and relax amidst the vicissitudes of life. It is a place free from worry and strife, and welcomes all to enjoy its warmth.

"With this new realm, the Inn faces a new beginning. With this realm, the Inn has become a unique place in the universe. A mysterious place, cut off from the machinations of other forces, and free from the obligations and duties that come with being tied to others. With this realm, the Inn will finally become a place that welcomes any who seek refuge, whether it be during their travels, from the fatigue of daily life, or from some other burden they have carried too long.

"But as the Inn grows into the mantle it has claimed, we cannot forget those who also call this realm home. To you, who have inhabited these lands for years untold, the Inn also opens its doors, if you wish to come. But if you wish to continue your way of life, as your ancestors did before you, then you will not be disturbed, as long as you do not disturb the Inn. You may continue to live as you always have, in this realm I created."

Lex paused, as he considered if he wanted to add anything else. This speech was much more difficult than it seemed. As the Innkeeper, he could not make any promise he could not keep. He wanted to say that his guests will not leave the territory of the Inn, but he could not say for certain that would always be the case.

He also wanted to say that the Inn won't encroach upon their territories. After all, this was a growing realm. New lands would eventually come for him to occupy if he wished. But still, he could not say for certain that the Inn wouldn't need to grow, and that he may occupy more territory. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

While he wanted to stay true to his conscience, he also had to be ambiguous enough to accommodate any eventuality in the future. When it came to ambiguity, there was nothing greater than the domain of fate.

"With this, the official establishment of the Midnight Inn, the destiny of this realm will forever change. It is up to those who wish to grasp it, to seize this opportunity once and for all."

There, a perfectly open-ended sentence that could mean anything he wished. He withdrew his aura, finally disabling the Inter-realm broadcast.

Although his speech was barely over a minute long, he was sure that the time it took away from the availability of the Host Attire was greater than that.

A familiar tingsounded in his mind, but before he could check it, he along with every other guest and worker, were finally teleported away from the platform in the sky, and to the Inn.

A flood of information rushed into Lex's mind, about the new limitations of the Inn, and this realm as well.



Chapter 981 Meanwhile I

﻿﻿While Lex was absorbing the information about the Inn and the new realm, the universe had not stopped, and some other significant events happened to take place around the same time.

A young acolyte looked at his notebook with a frown. His own writing filled the last dozen pages, but he had no recollection of writing them. But it must have been him, because the pages were filled with the story he had written down from a character he had visions about: the warbringer!

"When did I even write these?" he asked himself, feeling confused. The only possibility he could come up with… was that he went to a place called the Chamber of Secrets in the Midnight Inn he visited. Over there he could delete memories from his own mind. But what was the point of removing his memories if he wrote about the warbringer in his journal, and would find it eventually?

The only possibility he could come up with was that he saw something extremely dangerous, and someone else had warned him to remove those memories. That way, he would not know of them until he opened his journal again.

So, was it safe now to read these? It had to be, otherwise he would not have recorded it.

Feeling a tinge of nervousness and excitement, he began to read.

'Fed up of war, he left his lands of origin. But in the wake of the warbringers departure, sanity was forsaken, and the dogs of war were let loose. The humans and mammoths forsook their accords. The marzu and devils brought hell to the lands. Rumors abound of dragons leaving their lairs on the hunt for a dwarf, and an enemy of their race. The caretakers and masters of the realm were themselves caught unprepared, for an enemy in the dark began to spread terror throughout their domain…'

The acolyte read his own notes avidly, as the stories they depicted were both unbelievable and extremely interesting. Had he not left the Origin realm already, he may have realized that the events he was reading about were no secret, but public news on the Henali portal.

Seemingly overnight, the aggression between the Fiery Mammoths and the Jotun empire increased drastically until official and outright war was declared. A war between two different galaxies was rare, but any time it happened, it promised to be devastating.

But even bigger news was that the Marzu declared that the devils had assassinated an heiress to one of their Magical temples, named Feyore. Some Marzu were angry about the loss, and others just offended at the audacity of targeting a member of their junior race. Regardless, another war erupted, once again without warning. But this one took place on a much vaster field than just one galaxy. Countless galaxies, owned either by devils or marzu, began waging war.

Around the same time, many dragons began emerging from their lairs. It was not rare for dragons to emerge from their lairs. After all, they were living beings too, and were not bound to one place.

But, in general, due to their lazy nature, it only happened infrequently. But for multiple dragons to emerge simultaneously was truly an earthshattering event. As it turned out, the incident on Frigra, where a human was seen sitting atop a dragon, was merely a spark. In secret, someone had been targeting dragons for a long time, and countless Heavenly immortal dragons had gone missing without a word.

It was only when they began searching for the human who offended them that they noticed an unusual lack of reaction from many known dragons! Upon investigating, they eventually discovered that they had been killed silently long ago.

That elicited a reaction that had never been seen in the recent history of the Origin realm! The Dragon King made a proclamation of war!

But what was the most bewildering thing was that no one had even known that there was a dragon king! How could there be a leader who united the most arrogant, powerful and lazy race in the entire realm?

No one knew the answer, but his authority was evident. The dragons emerged from their homes, and their might and terror spread across the realm as they searched for their unknown enemy.

As the entire realm seemed to be heading towards madness, the Henali were unable to divert their attention to resolve such issues because they had troubles of their own. A representative from the Versalis bank had shown up, downgrading the predicted rating for their realm!

The consequences of this were absolutely unacceptable to the Henali, but there was nothing they could do. They were losing their control over the realm.

The terrorist known as Jeffery, and more importantly the organization backing him, became vicious thorns in their side as their terrorist activities began to spread farther and farther.

The actual devastation they were causing was not as much of a problem as the inability to find them. Such methods spelt danger for the Henali, especially considering the fact that their war with the Fuegan was still not making the progress they had hoped. What if the Fuegan and that organization partnered up?Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Considering the threat, the Henali, in their meeting with the representative from the bank, decided to take drastic measures. It would mean sacrificing some of their gains from the Origin realm, but it had to be done.

While all this was happening, on a certain planet, a certain being finally got their hands on a golden key from the Midnight Inn. But when they tried to use it, it did not work. Instead, some information was transferred to their mind, informing them that the Inn was temporarily unavailable due to renovations.

Feeling annoyed, the being opened up his group chat to update the quest giver on the status of the quest. Until the key started to work, he would have to remain a prisoner at the Inn. His own quest for a dance off with the Innkeeper would also remain unfulfilled.



Chapter 982 Meanwhile II

While all of this was happening, the situation in the Crystal realm was no better. In fact, it was much worse!

The war of immortals between the Kraven, the Monsters and the other races had devastated much of the lands. As if the destruction they caused was not enough, the portal opened in the Crystal realm that was destabilizing its laws and slowly destroying the realm had not been closed yet.

That meant that strange and often destructive phenomena started to occur across the entire realm.

Oddly enough, the war was both accelerating the destabilization of the realm, and yet at the same time repairing it!

The powers of countless immortals clashing put a strain on the lands, but the death of immortals nourished the realm with their blood and tenets as well!

A strange balance was formed, but that balance did not reassure anyone. Finally, the Crystal race itself became involved as well, since even they could not accept the destruction of the entire realm!

Amidst all this, the disappearance of the Midnight tavern was a small and insignificant matter that was hardly noticed by any. Only the locals of Babylon found the time to gossip about the wooden building that vanished overnight.

Regardless of whichever realm it was, the Origin realm of the Crystal realm, chaos was spreading with no end in sight. Only the Midnight realm seemed peaceful, but even that was uncertain.

That brief moment where the inescapable aura of the Innkeeper had enveloped the entire realm changed everything in a drastic fashion.

The snake that had been sleeping for so long had woken up. Though it did not do anything, for now, just the subtle tensing of its muscles from waking up caused countless tremors in the continent it inhabited. A few mountains collapsed, but for now, nothing else happened.

On the third continent, the empire of horses and unicorns once again became extremely active, with no explanation for their sudden resurgence.

Countless undercurrent filled the entire realm as those on top, who had ruled since the very birth of the realm, now had to deal with the knowledge that there was someone above them. It was not an easy message to accept, nor were they keen to do so.

But for the greater part, the sudden appearance of the Innkeepers aura brought peace rather than war across the realm. Faced with a power they could not understand, even the most savage warmongerers chose to retreat and hone their own strength.

On the smallest of the three continents, the massive tree trembled. The countless races that had taken to worshiping the tree were spurred into action, their motives unknown. For the first time, these noble and powerful races crossed the shadow of the trees canopy and graced the barbaric lands with their enlightened presence.

Somewhere else, on the opposite side of the continent, a rumor began to spread - a rumor by those who had known nothing but the brutalities of their own lands, and looked fondly onto the heaven they saw in the distance.

The rumor claimed that the name of the massive tree, the Tree of Heaven, as it had been named earlier, was called the Innkeeper, and the lands covered in the shade beneath it the Midnight Inn.

Elsewhere, a rumor spread that foreigners from far off lands had discovered the plentiful bounty of their lands, and had come with sinister intentions, painting themselves as noble saviors.

In another part of the continent, in a place surrounded by impassable mountains, a particular race learned for the first time that there may be life beyond the mountains that held them prisoners. A desire… a desire for freedom, and adventure and exploration took hold in their hearts.

Forges that they had sealed were once again opened, and fires that had been quenched were once again ignited. The sound of hammers echoed through the mountains once more, like thunder from a brewing storm.

Closer to Lex, within the territory of the Midnight Inn, a creature that slumbered deep under the ground woke up, and began to spread its many tentacles through the lands. The creature had no mind, only an instinct to grow, and a fear of a certain nemesis that had nearly destroyed it once. But that era had long since passed, so now it would once again grow, and spread, and conquer!

Deep in the cosmic sea, a lonely fish yeared for the voice it had heard. Peace? Comfort? Warmth? It longed for those things, so it began to search for the Midnight Inn. Maybe there, finally, it would encounter others who would not automatically die in its presence.

As it swam through the depths, entire currents formed due to each wave of its fins. The size of the fish was too large to estimate.

Atop the Midnight mountain, Cassandra looked out at the realm, and saw much more than anyone else, even Lex. After all, Lex's sight from the Host Attire was limited to the boundary of the Inn, but she could see far beyond that.

She was mesmerized, and slowly her presence began to fade as her mind entered the deepest state of enlightenment.

Within the Temple of Fasting, her body experienced an unusual pressure. For the first time, she touched upon the boundary of the Dao.

The guests were nearly all meditating, and it was unlikely they would wake any time soon. It was unfortunate, because they missed out on a remarkable sight.

The rich, pure and vibrant energy of the new realm flooded each and every brick and cobblestone of the Inn. It filled every building, every tree, every insect, every chair and every sky lantern. It filled everything, in spite of the protective formations Lex had placed around items.

So while they evolved from mundane to extraordinary, the spark of life began to fill certain items randomly. Silently, and without warning, one of the golf carts on standby trembled, as a new soul was born. But the soul did not enter the cart. Instead, it entered the left, front tyre of the golf cart, taking its place as the first new lifeform to become a member of the Midnight Inn in this new realm.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m



Chapter 983 Please don’t

At first Lex was stunned by the flood of information, but it took him only a few seconds to remember that he could handle a much greater load now. When the realization came to him, he finally noticed that… rather than a flood, it was more of a stream.

The dissonance between his new qualifications and his perception of what he was capable of was always an inconvenience to get over. But then again, he doubted that the average cultivator would have so many massive jumps in power in a short period of time the way he had.

He focused on the information he was getting. Finally, he received some answers, and for once the system had preemptively taken care of one of his greatest concerns.

To start off with, the star rating of the realm had increased to 4, despite the fact that it couldn't support high level cultivators. That was a massive jump in rating from 2.5, but even so the star rating was actually being suppressed due to the realm instability. As the stability grew, the star rating would grow even greater!

But there was a catch. This would only be true during the early years of the realm. If it grew and stabilized at a normal rate, then the abundant chaos energy, and every other unique kind of energy that filled it, would go to waste. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The only fortunate thing was that this time frame was in the millions of years, so Lex did not even have to think about it for now.

That bit of information also told Lex that it was possible to artificially speed up the growth of a realm. He would look into it at a later date.

The gravity across the realm was not constant, but on the continent where the Inn was, it was on average 3 times that of earth. But, within the territory of the Inn, the system would regulate it for those who could not tolerate it. This was one of the few functions that was still running even now.

Speaking of which, Lex was getting tired of calling it 'the continent that the Inn was on' and so decided to name it Menara - something he came up with on the spot.

Unlike what he had hoped was the case, the beings born in this realm had no real affiliation or connection to the Midnight Inn. Anything that would be naturally born, and was not from a guest of one of his workers, within the newly established territory of his Inn would automatically become a part of the Inn at birth. But as far as anything that was already born within the realm before this, there was no connection whatsoever.

That meant that the subtle influence as the Innkeeper he had over his workers would not be extended to them.

But, on the bright side, the upper limit of the realm was actually the Nascent realm! That little piece of information greatly relieved Lex. He was not so overconfident as to think that he would be utterly unmatched across the realm now that he himself was also in the Nascent realm. But he was fairly certain that, once he became more accustomed to his powers, and updated his techniques, he would be more than able to take care of himself while he explored the realm.

Speaking of exploring the realm, the boundary of the Inn's territory did more than just mark the limits of the Inn. It would actively prevent guests from venturing out! This was one of Lex's greatest concerns, and he was relieved to know that the system was proactively taking care of this.

The realm could not support cultivators of a higher realm, but instead of setting a limit, the system automatically made the limits of the Inn's territory a border that normal guests could not cross. Perhaps if they put in some real effort they would be able to overcome the barricade, but that would be more than enough time for Lex to learn of it as well and respond appropriately.

Moreover, such a response was only temporary. Once the system came back online completely, anyone who attempted to cross the boundary would be forcefully ejected from the realm! This was because the system truly treated the realm as a part of itself, and was actively taking measures to protect it.

The same restriction, however, did not extend to him. The Inn's workers could also, at his discretion, exit the boundary.

The reverse, however, was not true. Anything from outside the territory could enter within unimpeded, as long as they could overcome the physical barrier that the massive wall presented. But honestly, considering how everything in this realm seemed to be massive, he did not think it would be a big concern.

One more thing, that he had been curious about, was answered. That was that all the Minor realms which had connected themselves to the Inn were considered property of the Inn, and so had been transported alongside as well!

WIthout even thinking about it, Lex once again placed all the entrances to all Minor realms that had already been discovered in the Immortal Bastian, while he spread out the opening for the hundreds of thousands of undiscovered Minor realms across the Inn's new territory.

These Minor realms would stay sealed for a few more days while the energy from the realm poured into them, but once that was done, they would once again become accessible.

Did it feel strange that Lex had brought countless refugees from earth with him in a minor realm as if he were carrying something in his back pocket? A little. But he tried not to think about it. They were refugees. Since they were given a safe space to rebuild, should the details of which realm they were in really matter?

This was not all the information he received - not even remotely. He was learning all about this realm in excruciating detail, from its seasons, to its biomes, to the spatial structural make up to so much more.

The cosmic sea was a liquified version of a kind of energy that was a derivative of chaos energy. How energy could become liquid was not even a question he tried to ponder, because he was learning that a part of the climate in the region of Menara that he was in was controlled by a tribe of sentient clouds that had spent thousands of years at war with another tribe of sentient lightning bolts.

Such historical detail was only provided to him because of the significant impact it had to the climate and geography of the place.

But even that was a small part of the knowledge he was getting. After all, Menara was the smallest of the three continents, and he was learning about them too.

The greatest of the three continents, which was considerably larger than Menara, had biomes that Lex had literally never imagined before. Many of its areas were more suited to spirits and races with souls and no bodies, as if it were some kind of sanctuary for the dead and the damned. Well, to be fair, just because Lex associated spirits and such with ghosts did not mean they were necessarily damned, but that was besides the point.

As a result, Lex decided to name the greatest of the three continents Nether. He could imagine expanding to it one day, since it would be a natural home to the many spirits that inhabited the Inn. They too were undergoing some kind of evolution.

Compared to Menara and Nether, the middle continent did not have any prominent or distinguishing features. Besides being extremely mountainous, it seemed almost ordinary besides the other two continents, if one ignored its size.

But it was only ordinary compared to the two. If seen independently, it was a bountiful heaven teeming with life and civilization. In fact, Lex suspected that it contained the greatest population of all the continents.

Amidst the torrent of information he was absorbing, a small tidbit reached him informing him of the awakened tyre.

Suddenly Lex sat up straight and accessed all the abilities available to him through the Host Attire. He needed to prevent a majority of the Inns items from coming to life. Even if he failed everything else, he had to at least prevent the dragon from gaining another soul.

But the things he could do at the moment was limited, so he had to rely on himself.

He teleported over to his personal meditation room where the dragon sat unmoved, absorbing the energy from the realm.

All the protections and precautions they had taken before only managed to slow down the energy, not stop it.

"Please don't wake up," Lex muttered as he slammed the dragon with his aura and spread his soul sense around it. No matter what, he had to stop it from developing a new soul. Unfortunately, some things just could not be prevented. The dragons body, which still contained the physical might of a Heavenly immortal, trembled.



Chapter 984 Countless newborns

Lex looked up at the dragon as countless feelings filled his mind. A part of those feelings had to do with the fact that he was still receiving information about the realms, and was bewildered to learn that there were unique kinds of volcanoes found within the Midnight realm that, instead of spewing out molten lava, erupted with a strange blue viscous liquid that rapidly froze whatever it touched.

He just knew that, since it was a kind of volcano, sooner or later he would find himself right in the middle of one. Such was his fate.

But that entire thought process did not at all interfere with the strong feelings of horror and loss at feeling the dragon tremble! His meditation mat! He didn't want to lose it!

Yes, although as a newly born soul, it would be loyal to the Inn. Perhaps it would be better to gain a loyal and extremely strong follower now. It could possibly prevent many troubles in the future. But at the same time, the development of his own strength was something extremely important as well.

Yet desire alone could do nothing, and his aura suppression did not seem to work either. Vaguely, he felt through his soul sense, a fragile soul form deep within the dragon's body.

Subsequently, relevant information about his new worker reached Lex, causing him to sigh in lament.

The body of the dragon trembled again, but it did not move beyond that.

Lex focused on the information about the latest worker he got. Previously, only a single tyre from a golf cart had come to life. What were the chances that instead of the entire dragon, only a small piece of it came to life? Like one of its teeth or maybe its scale?

But that was not the case. It was indeed the entire dragon that had gained a new soul. But… a strange situation had occurred. Feeling a tinge of doubt, Lex reached out towards the soul with his soul sense and tried to communicate with the newborn.

"He- help!" an alarmed squeaky voice said as it sensed Lex. "I-I… I… I'm stuck!" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Considering the level of fear in that voice, Lex should not have felt amused, but he could not help it. The voice was too adorable. More importantly, Lex gained an immediate understanding of what was happening!

In short, it was the exact reverse of what was happening with Zen!

Zen was a patch of grass in the Midnight Inn that had gained sentience and immediately reached the Earth Immortal level as well. But it's body was as frail as ordinary grass, meaning that it's body was that of a mortal. Due to the massive discrepancy in levels between its spirit, soul and body, Zen could not really display any strength and was constantly just worried about keeping itself alive. At least, at the time when it was born.

Now, the exact opposite was happening, meaning that this new soul that was born was at the mortal level, but was trapped within a body that far surpassed it. As such, it couldn't control the body at all, and instead became trapped within it!

"Do not panic," Lex said, as he quickly thought of a plan that seemed almost perfect. But… but wasn't this too easy?

"I can't move!" the squeaky voice said once again, in a panic.

"Yes, I can tell that you can't move, but fear not. I have a plan to help you," Lex said in a soothing voice, as he considered another conundrum. He already called the ring which contained a part of the dragon's soul Pel, short for Pelvaillin. But now that the dragon itself had a soul as well, he couldn't reuse the same name right? Should he add Jr. in front of the name? Or come up with a different one?

"A plan to help?"

"Yes, yes, worry not. My name is Lex, by the way. Let me explain to you why you're stuck. Actually, you might not know this, but before you came to life, you were actually my cultivation mat."

"Cultivation mat?" the sound repeated innocently.

"Yes, my cultivation mat. It's very important to help me cultivate, which is why your body is so strong. But now that you have come to life, the burden of controlling your body is too much. You cannot take it."

"So… so what can I do?" the soul asked, still afraid, but much more calm now.

"There are a couple of things we need to do. Although it'll be slow, I'll absorb the strength of my cultivation mat, reducing the pressure you feel. At the same time, I'll teach you a soul training cultivation technique so you can also absorb the strength of your new body to cultivate yourself. Like this, eventually, there will come a day where you become strong enough, and your body becomes weak enough, that you can finally control it."

"But… but then your cultivation mat will be ruined!" the soul exclaimed, on the verge of crying.

"Do not worry," Lex said, his tone extremely noble. "We are colleagues now, working for the Midnight Inn. Helping each other is only natural. After you gain control of your body, you can help me find a new cultivation mat."

"You… you… I don't know what to say. You're so nice."

Lex smiled and scratched his head. He felt just a little guilty. Why did it seem like since he got the Inn, all he had done was take advantage of newborn babies?

Before he could craft a nuanced and perfectly reasonable defense for himself, he learnt of others 'newborn workers filling the Inn and his pupils shrinked.

"Listen, Pel Jr., you have just been born. You need rest, so don't panic and try to sleep. I'll find you a technique to help you out. But I have some things I need to take care of, so I need to run. If you need anything just call out to someone called Mary. She'll take care of you."

Without giving Pel Jr. a chance to respond, Lex teleported away. When he reappeared, it was as the Innkeeper, in front of the Midnight mountain which was trembling. Of course the mountain had come to life.

The problem was, a few hundred of the pine trees that covered the mountain had also come to life. Were they fighting one another?

"What's going on?" the Innkeeper asked, ready to quell any disagreements. Although it was not uncommon to see birds prey on insects and such while being workers, that was still a manageable situation. But if the literal geographical features and the flora began fighting, it would not be so easy to overlook.

What kind of a problem was this anyway?

"They- they're tickling me!" a hesitant yet thunderously loud voice boomed, shaking the ground itself from just sound alone.

"No we're not!" another voice screamed out in self defense. "It's just really crowded here, we're just trying to move."

"YOU'RE TAKING PLEASURE IN TICKLING ME! I KNOW IT!" the mountain boomed once more.

A number of trees yelled back, in perfect harmony, "we are not!"

Lex had to suppress his lip from twitching, and from facepalming. Was this really the issue he was resolving?

He waved his hand and the trees that had gained life teleported to the foot of the mountain, forming a forest of their own.

'"Oh this is much better!"' they exclaimed, once again in perfect harmony. Was the Inn about to gain a choir of singing trees?

But he did not have time to dwell on this. The massive spaceship had, of course, also gained life. The problem was…

Lex teleported over to the sight of the massive ship hugging the ground and wailing. Upon investigating what the situation was, he learned, to his great dismay, the ship had come to life while it was flying. But the new life that inhabited it had a great fear of heights, and was incredibly startled when it learned it was flying, resulting in the current situation.

He was dumbstruck. How could a ship be afraid of heights?

There was no answer for such a question, nor did he have the time to ponder it. One after another, more and more items from the Inn were gaining life, and each one was creating some kind of scene.

The lazy river had woken up, and had a severe dislike for anything living riding its waters. Well, Lex couldn't blame it for feeling as such, so he just moved it somewhere remote, and recreated a new, identical lazy river to replace it.

A number of Geeves' suits had become sentient, and had run away from their display cases. Lex was only grateful that none of the suits being worn had come to life, or he would have had the harassment scandal of the century on his hands.

Somewhere around the Inn, a wisp of wind had come to life, and was running wild. Elsewhere, a number of peacocks were undergoing an evolution, and the ones who weren't were protesting out of jealousy.

In all his days, Lex had seen many unusual things, but none of them could match what he was seeing now. The worst part was, the day had just started.



Chapter 985 Setting up

To say that the Midnight Inn was experiencing an unprecedented disaster would be an exaggeration. But to say that it had broken all records for the most bizarre situation Lex had ever experienced would be an understatement. The most accurate description of the situation that Lex could think of, was to say that he had just developed a great deal of admiration and respect for kindergarten teachers. Dealing with kids was not easy.

Around the time that the butterflies in the Inn, which had grown in size to be about 20 feet each, decided to identify as a nuisance, Lex decided to pause. He could not keep running from one incident to another. It was not a practical solution, nor would it yield the best results.

His initial panic had come from the fact that he had been in a rush to start searching his territory for materials and treasures that could heal the system. But he had to stabilize the situation here first. It only made sense that there would be some unexpected issues with moving to a new place. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

He needed to delegate tasks and form a management committee. Fortunately, there were plenty of workers who were already in leadership roles. Unfortunately, most of them were still cultivating or experiencing breakthroughs and so weren't available.

He needed time to think, but first he sent Z to talk to the peacock union and calm them down. Which of them experienced an evolution or not was up to chance, and was not something that could be forced.

He searched the Inn for workers who were available, and found his options limited. Besides Z, the only one available to him at the moment was Fredrich, the Draconian Apostle.

Draconian Apostles were the second race of workers made available to Lex, and basically looked like massive honeybees. They found it difficult to survive in normal environments, and instead thrived in extremely hazardous or chaotic environments. Based on that description alone, he vaguely suspected that it may be able to survive in the Cosmic Sea. But that would need to be tested later on.

Fredrich was the first Draconian Apostle he had summoned, but considering that he hardly had any guests who needed to survive in extreme environments, he never felt the need to summon too many more.

That might change now, considering that there were quite a few treacherous places in this new realm, and he might need the Draconian Apostles to take care of the more hazardous environments in the Inn - such as the Cosmic Sea.

Lex summoned Friedrich, and a three foot long, chubby honey bee wearing a suit appeared in front of him.

"Fredrich, how are you finding this change?" Lex asked as the Innkeeper.

"It's absolutely wonderful," the chubby bee replied, directly in Lex's mind. "I can go anywhere I wish without feeling suffocated. The energy is incredibly rich. I can even feel that, somewhere in the distance, there is a true paradise waiting for me to explore."

"I'm glad you find this place more accommodating. But before you go exploring, I have some tasks I need you to do. Do you think you can handle them?"

"I… I will do my best!"

"For starters, a flutter of butterflies has grown much larger, and they are purposefully being a nuisance. They're bullying the sentient trees and making plans to kidnap the deer while they're sleeping. They may have planned several other pranks in the time I was not paying attention. Go talk to them and make sure they know not to disrupt the Inn, especially anywhere a guest might be affected."

"Is there… is there a way you want me to handle it?"

"As long as you don't harm anyone, and make sure they understand that they cannot cause a mess everywhere, you can do what you think needs to be done. I'll observe you, and if I think you need any guidance I'll provide it to you."

He needed to have more of his workers gain experience in leadership roles, and he could only do that by giving them actual tasks. After all, he couldn't dump everything onto Velma and the usual gang.

Speaking of which, a couple more workers had finished their cultivation while he was talking to Fredrich, which was perfect.

The first was Qawain. As a previously inanimate object that had come to life, he would have first hand experience in what it was like. He might also know the best way to handle his many newborn workers. Lastly, as someone who was soon going to become a father, and as someone who had adopted a child, he probably had the right mindset to deal with babies.

Hopefully.

Instead of teleporting the sentient sword over, Lex instead summoned him to himself. This was because he did not want to startle him by suddenly changing his environment. More importantly, he also wanted to let Qawain settle down a bit first.

One of the first major setbacks of coming to this new realm was that henceforth, it would be impossible to break through to the immortal realm while in the Inn. Even within the designated area of the Inn itself, it would be impossible. That meant that while Qawain had gained a lot, his breakthrough had been forcefully suppressed.

All was not lost, as the workers could always go to the Temple of Fasting to breakthrough in the future. But it would be a loss for his guests.

Then he turned his attention to the second worker who had finished cultivating. It was John. The same John who had a broken system in him, and had lost all his cultivation. Lex sent him a summons as well. Although he didn't plan on absorbing his system right now, because he didn't want to lose the system's functionality while he could still use the Host Attire. But it was time to set things up at least.

Before they could make their way over, however, he was surprised to discover that… someone was knocking on the wall surrounding the Inn. It seemed like he had his first guest already.



Chapter 986 Scary Bee

Lex teleported over to the location where someone was knocking on his boundary wall, and looked over. An animal of some kind, similar to a squirrel with transparent wings on its back was smashing some unknown object on the wall.

For a moment Lex was confused. He could not tell if it was just a random animal trying to crack open some massive nut, or was actually knocking. Since the animal was technically outside his territory, he couldn't even scan it.

There was an easy way to find out. With a flock of his hand, the portion of the wall he was on turned into an equally massive gate, which began to swing open.

The creature was immediately startled and ran away before the gate could reveal even a speck of the land behind it, but Lex did not stop the gate from opening. He watched as it scurried through the tall grass and hid behind an old, dying tree.

Lex teleported away. He didn't have time to watch how the creature behaved, but he was paying attention to this area so if anything entered through the gates he'd immediately find out.

He scanned the Inn for changes, and ignored the countless worker bunnies which were growing cocoons around themselves. That was a totally normal thing that all rabbits did, he completely saw no reason why he should give it any more attention than the empty suits that were ogling the mannequins in Geeves' display.

Wait, on second thought, he should tell the suits not to ogle. It'd be rude if they started doing that towards his guests later on.

While Lex was continuously scanning the Inn, and feeling incredibly grateful that at least the missiles in his museum weren't showing signs of coming to life, Qawain finally arrived at his office.

"My apologies for the tardiness," the sword in the shape of a man said. He was wearing a daoist robe, which was a change from his usual attire. But for some odd reason, Lex felt like these clothes suited him more.

"Not at all, you are just in time. How are you adjusting to the change?"

"The environment here feels phenomenal. But I feel my cultivation is stuck. I am not sure why. Perhaps it has been too long since I honed myself."

"That is a result of the realm being new. It will pass, eventually. In the meantime, I will arrange a place for you and others in the immortal realms to experience their breakthroughs in the future."

"I am in no rush. Experiencing some pressure for a while will be good for me."

"I am glad you are adjusting well to the change. In that case, I have a task for you. As a result of the change, countless new workers have been born from nonliving things - and they are not exactly adjusting well. I thought perhaps you might have some insight into how to help them adjust."

"I will handle it," Qawain responded, before bowing and leaving. That was fairly straightforward. Lex had Mary give him a list of newborns to look after, starting from the wailing spaceship. If his guests woke up and saw his spaceship crying, he would feel extremely embarrassed.

Speaking of which, he turned his attention to Fredrich. He wanted to see how the chubby honey bee was doing. But he did not expect the scene he would stumble upon.

Fredrich, the cute little Draconian Apostle, was hovering in the sky around hundreds of butterflies. Or rather, it would be more accurate to say, Fredrich, the Draconian Apostle, had hundreds of massive butterflies at its mercy. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The entire region had become dark under the influence of some technique it was using, and it seemed like within the darkness a portal to a much more sinister place had opened up. From within this plane, green translucent wisps appeared and wrapped themselves around each of the butterflies, holding them still.

An oppressive aura, akin to that of the most deadly predator, blanketed the butterflies and threatened their very sanity.

Despite how horrid the sight seemed, Lex did not interfere yet. He had told Fredrich that he could use his means as long as he did not hurt anyone, and up till now, it did not seem like he had actually hurt any of them.

"Look, how fun. You're all waiting around in the air, so that I can play with you at my leisure. You really shouldn't have." At first the bee's words were filled with childlike excitement, but as it paused and looked at the butterflies, its voice changed when it said, "You 'really' shouldn't have."

The last sentence, the one that was repeated, was filled with such an immense aura of discontent that even Lex felt that Fredrich was on the verge of attacking. But fortunately, it did no such thing. In fact, it actually withdrew its aura, reducing the suppression the butterflies were experiencing..

"You see how something I think is a prank does not necessarily seem that way to you?" it asked, as if questioning a child.

Technically the apostle was speaking directly into the minds of the butterflies, but Lex could eavesdrop anyway. The butterflies were all too eager to respond to the apostle, and fawn over it as they claimed to be reborn as saints compared to their prior selves.

Its methods were a little drastic… but the Inn needed some variety. Not everyone could be extremely friendly, and some with harsher means was not a bad thing. Lex just had to make sure he remained within his limits.

As the Draconian Apostle made its way to the next flutter of butterflies, its freshly reeducated victims followed behind it, as if they were too afraid to leave without instruction.

Okay, maybe he was pushing it just a bit.

Lex wondered if it was just Fredrich that was like this, or was this a tendency shared by all apostles. The latter seemed more likely, for he had no idea what ability it had used to hold all the butterflies prisoner. It was likely some racial ability.

Maybe he should add a few apostles to the Midnight Battalion.



Chapter 987 About the cultivation mat...

From his office, Lex was handling the various situations while standing and looking out the window. Despite the layout of the Inn staying the same, the difference was immense. The previous Inn eventually became quite large, and the limit of the sky was massive, giving enough room for flying cities, mountains and ships to hover about above the Inn.

But even so, now it actually felt like he was in a real world rather than an enclosed space. Up in the sky, there were a number of suns giving them light, rather than a projection of a sun. Though, if one was being technical, the suns in the sky were not stars, but rather a number of orbs of a special spirit crystal that was slowly dissolving in the air.

These orbs had unusual properties which made them float high above land, though they were free to move around as they wished. A result of their sometimes erratic movement was unpredictable patterns of light, though there were enough of them in the sky so that Menara had never actually seen night save when the clouds filled the sky.

There were enough of the orbs in the air to light this place for a long, long time so Lex did not need to worry about it suddenly getting dark here. Moreover, as the spirit orbs dissolved, not only did they give off light, they fed extremely concentrated spirit energy into the atmosphere.

But the dynamics of the lighting and the depth of the sky were just a small part of it. The Midnight Inn was both hidden and out in the open. It was hidden from the rest of the universe, but once here, it was open for an entire, massive realm.

The fact that someone could just walk right up to the Inn and come in from the outside world just made it feel different somehow. Even now, from the gate that he left open, Lex could see small animals peeking in, and carefully crossing the boundary to see what happens.

Speaking of which, there were countless animals and beasts within the boundary of the Inn as well, and many of them were quite dangerous and savage. He would need to establish patrols near the main settlements and give guests disclaimers about venturing, just in case they encountered a dangerous situation. Considering those beasts and animals didn't obey him or the rules of the Inn, he more than expected them to cause some minor issues.

In the distance, a trail of dust could be seen rising. A number of golf carts had come to life and had gone off roading. There was no way that could end badly at all.

There was a soft knock on his door, before John opened it and timidly stepped in. He had never been the same since his system was destroyed. Originally Lex wanted to give him space to recover on his own, but now it seemed he needed a push.

"You summoned me, Innkeeper?" he asked with a bow.

Lex, still looking out at the Inn, only nodded and did not immediately answer. Silence filled the room as John began to feel more and more nervous. After a minute, he began fidgeting his fingers.

It was at that point that Lex could no longer suppress his sigh.

"How long have you been at the Inn, John?" the Innkeeper asked, turning around finally. "It has been a short while, hasn't it?"

"A little over two years, probably," John said, wondering how to count the strange passage of time he had seen from the platform.

"You cut such an impressive sight back then. There was so much confidence in you. But now, without there even being an issue, you cannot even stand in silence for a few minutes without getting nervous."

John looked down. He did not know how to respond.

"You stumbled, child. That is normal. But you forgot to get back up, that is not normal. Why do you think that is?"

John continued to look down at the ground, unable to come up with an answer. Was he supposed to admit that he was afraid to let go of his system? Him? An experienced assassin who has ended the life of countless others, afraid? Him, who held immense power in the palm of his hands, now broken and shattered?

How could he say it? He had the words in his heart, but all he could do was continue to look down without answering. Everything he had, he'd gotten from his system. It was only once it went away that he realized how weak he truly was.

"Do you want me to tell you the answer? It's quite a simple one," the Innkeeper continued, but John remained silent.

"It's because you think that, without your system, you are completely alone. But John, that is far from the truth. I gave you some time to come to terms with the situation on your own. Now, however, it's time I help you pick yourself up."

Lex took out a platinum key and handed it to John.

"Back then, you established the Battle Ax without officially joining the Inn. It was because you had the confidence that you got from your system. But now, after spending so much time here, you have already become a part of the Midnight Inn family. You were not shy about extending your helping hand when those in the Inn needed it, now it's about time you drop that crutch that is the system and take help from someone else instead.

"You probably have some excuse you're ready to give, but John honestly, it's time you stop feeling sorry for yourself. The best way to do that is by helping others, and reflecting along the way. As you are right now, there's not much I can ask you to do - not because you've lost your cultivation, but because you need to ease back into things.

"You may or may not have realized, but there's a lot of newborns in the Inn. One in particular needs your help. You can begin by helping him, and then we'll move on from there."

If words alone could wake John from his slump then they would have worked the last time he gave John a pep talk. Since they didn't, he had to walk John through the healing process by showing him a bunch of others who had unique problems of their own. Honestly, with the current situation at the Inn, it wasn't hard to accomplish.

John nodded, unable to say anything else.

"This particular newborn is stuck in a body that's too powerful for him. I need you to design a cultivation technique for him that will strengthen his soul by absorbing the strength of his body."

Lex teleported John over to the dragon in his personal meditation room and began to observe John. He had to carefully guide him to ensure his progress goes in the direction that he meant. After all, Lex planned on absorbing the system in just a few more days. That meant he had to ensure that in just a few days, he had to guide John's state of mind to one where he could let go of it.

He did not mean to dismiss depression as something easy to cure, for his intention was not to cure it. His intention was to get John to adopt the mindset where he was ready to face challenges to improve his own situation.

John was not a weak man. Once he gained some momentum, Lex expected it'd be much easier for him to pick himself back up. In the meantime, getting some exposure to others who had it rough as well might help him get some perspective.

In Lex's meditation room, John was teleported over but did not immediately observe his surroundings. He just let out a sigh of relief now that he was no longer in front of the Innkeeper. As he tried to rub his eyes, the cold touch of the platinum key on his face gave him pause.

When he opened his eyes to observe it, the massive dragon sitting right in front of him gave him a fright. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

But as he stumbled back, the dragon did not move at all. It did not even respond to his presence, as if he was asleep.

While John looked up at the monstrously large being in front of him, a baby teleported over.

"John, I'm glad you're here," said Lex with a smile.

"My cultivation mat here has come to life, but it can't move due to the burden of its body. If you can help it come up with a cultivation technique that would weaken the body and strengthen the soul, that'd be great. I'm Leo by the way, without the disguise. You can call me Lex."

"You… you really became a baby!" he exclaimed.

"Yeah, my body turned to mush. When it healed, I became like this. Nothing I can do about it but grow back up over time I guess," Lex said with a shrug. "Now, about the cultivation mat…"



Chapter 988 Heros and villains join together

Since John's cultivation was crippled, Lex had no idea if he could communicate with the soul inside of the dragon's body, so Lex arrived on scene as himself. At the same time, it would not hurt to show John the kind of problems he himself had gone through. Though to be fair, Lex did not doubt that John would have been able to face any other issue without any hesitation.

But his entire identity was built based on his system, which is what was causing him to freeze. Lex did not blame him or think little of him. Often it is said that those of older generations have a hard time learning new things. John had already lived so much of life, but had no idea how to live without his system, which was causing him to freeze. But a kick start to show him it would be okay should help him overcome that hurdle.

The most important thing during this time, however, was to keep him thoroughly occupied. If he had free time, then his mind would once again start to wander. At the moment, that was not good for him.

"Did the… did the Innkeeper really give you a dragon as a cultivation mat?" John asked, as he looked up at the dragon and touched it hesitantly.

"The Innkeeper? No, he just allowed me to keep it. I got the dragon myself."

John did not know how to react to that information. For some reason, he was not too surprised actually. It made sense that the workers at the Inn were just as absurd as the Inn itself. After all, he too worked here, and his past was no less unusual. He was confident that if he kept growing, eventually he would have been able to achieve a similar feat.

But from the very first time he entered the Inn, and tried out the Mystery trial oh so long ago, it had been preparing him to become independent of his system and rely on himself. He turned to look at the baby beside him.

If he had been able to achieve such things without a system, then John should be able to try the same, right?

Without wasting any more time, they got right to work. Although John had lost his system, he had retained his knowledge. That meant he could still create techniques on his own. But the one he was faced with at the moment was not something he could come up with casually. He would need to study the dragon's body thoroughly.

Lex stayed there and helped him through the entire process. But while he himself was there, he also had a projection of the Innkeeper in the office working as well.

An hour had gone by, and things were beginning to slow down finally. New problems stopped cropping up, at least at the same rate as before.

Yes, the rate at which newborns were cropping up had dropped. Now Lex had to deal with those who had been alive prior to exposure to the realm.

When Lex went through his star rating increase last time, countless mortal children were exposed to it. That resulted in them undergoing a cleansing of their bodies that simultaneously knocked them out.

This time around, the near three thousand children under the age of 10 that were at the Inn did not experience something similar. Instead, they fell asleep, and when they woke up, they had superhuman bodies.

So now, thousands of kids were running amok on Main street, jumping from building to building as if they were superheroes. Of course, when there were superheroes, there were also supervillains.

Naturally, when the group of superheroes and supervillain children mixed, they would join forces to take on the real enemy: all sense of order and propriety.

There were at least a dozen kids streaking through the streets and Lex had to limit his oversight of the situation lest the universal FBI show up and bust him for seeing something he shouldn't.

Fortunately, he still had control over his Host Attire, so a wave of his hand was all it took to clothe all the children forcibly.

But he did not have a solution for the kids who learnt that they could jump off buildings without getting hurt, or the kids who figured out they could rip trees from the ground and use them as sticks.

Fortunately, there were some kids who were placated by snacks and juice boxes, but those numbers were not as large as he would have liked.

He was really hoping others would start waking up soon, preferably the kids' parents.

But to his great dismay, the next to wake was not from his guests, or his workers.

Instead, it was the Lotus which had been preparing itself for the evolution of a lifetime. Originally, the Lotus was supposed to give birth to a world with a complete star system, and everything else it would need to survive. Due to the immense energy it absorbed from the birth of the realm, which was much larger than just a word, it was ready to undergo that evolution.

But, instead of doing that, it opted for another choice.

"Mr. Innkeeper, sir, is it alright if I fuse with this continent?" it asked, meekly. It felt guilty for even trying to stave from its predestined path.

"Will you be alright if you do that?" Lex asked, using the Innkeepers projection from his office.

"Yes, yes. Actually, I wanted to fuse with the entire realm, but that's too big for me right now. So I am planning on fusing with this continent first, and then from there I'll see if I can eventually grow further."

"As long as you can do so without destroying the continent, or harming it, go ahead. You see, I've found the Inn here, so it would be inconvenient if something untoward happened. Like if a series of volcanoes suddenly cropped up as a result of the fusion, it would be very inconvenient."

Lex had learned to expect volcanoes in every situation. A man must take precautions against spontaneous volcano appearances.

"No, no, nothing like that should happen. If anything, I'll have great control over the continent, so I'll be able to address any issues you have with it. Of course, that'll only happen after the fusion is complete."

"Well, in that case, go ahead."

Lex was well beyond the level he could guess the outcome of things, so he had to rely heavily on trusting that Lotus knew what it was doing. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The lotus that had accompanied him for so long on his back slowly fused into the ground, and disappeared like a drop in the ocean.

There were no sudden earthquakes or massive disasters, so that was a good sign.

A bright, golden light erupted just as Lex had that thought. But, fortunately, it had nothing to do with the continent, Menara. Instead, in the greenhouse, Little Blue's body was shining gold.

Its body was rapidly growing as it absorbed spiritual energy from its surroundings, and two golden wings finally grew out above its back. Its fins started growing longer as well, and its body's shape began to elongate.

Lex could not help but scan it.

Name: Little Blue

Age: 5

Sex: Male

Cultivation Details: Foundation realm Peak

Species: Blue Whale/Evolving(Kunpeng variant)

Bloodline: Evolving

Condition: Undergoing metamorphosis

Remarks: This little fish really likes to fly.

So Little Blue was evolving into a Kunpeng. Lex was not too familiar with this species, but he had once heard Dr. Charles, the same man who had called Fenrir grandpa, mention it. When the opportunity arose, he would take the chance to ask him about it. For now, he was just pleased that Little Blue was doing well.

He was about to turn his attention to other things, but Little Blues' evolution was far from simple. The clouds began to react to the beam of golden light rising into the sky, and began to take the shape of various fish. Lightning began to flash all around, though fortunately it never actually struck Little Blue.

Outside the bounds of the Inn, a noble and immense aura began to spread. It seemed that the Inn had suppressed Little Blue's aura within the Inn, but its boundary was extraordinarily massive.

But besides being extremely prominent, there seemed to be no other problem. Lex once felt grateful that no natural being in this realm was beyond the Nascent realm, as this would have caused him immense problems otherwise.

But, as if feeling offended at the lack of attention, a green light erupted nearby, and this time the system did nothing to suppress its aura.

"Don't tell me…" murmured Lex as he observed where the light was coming from. There was only one character that the system failed to reign in… It was the Galactic Sovereign turtle.

True to his suspicions, the turtle was also glowing, and becoming much larger in size at a visible rate.

As if on cue, another light erupted from a different corner of the Inn. This time, it was the Magikarpets. Something was happening with them.



Chapter 989 With great power

﻿﻿Compared to the turtle and Little Blue, Lex was more concerned about the evolution of the Magikarpets. He had not spread the boundary wall to the massive lakes in his territory, for he didn't want to create dams, but right now he was considering it. He knew for a fact that many predator fish lived in those waters, and he did not want them to get attracted by the disturbance among the Magikarpet.

Just as he was about to raise the dam, he noticed that one Magikarpet which had previously evolved into a massive, mean looking thing, was protective swimming around the rest. After a moment's hesitation, he decided to avoid building the dam like he initially planned.

It was a bold decision, because while he would immediately find out if anything went amiss inside the Inn, such as the Magikarpet being attacked by anything, he would most likely have to wait for something to occur before he could react.

His attention span was severely divided between interacting with John, the system still providing him information on the realm, the kids on Main street who were by now spreading out just a little. That was not a good sign.

A part of him was still also paying attention to the gate he opened because a number of animals were walking in now, exploring the surroundings for anything different.

Just as he was considering options, with very few of his workers awake, he noticed a small child who he recognized. Compared to the rest, he was a lot more reserved, though he was surrounded by the largest group of kids.

It was Jimmy, the vice-leader of the peacock warriors. He was also the son of one of his workers, Hera.

Lex had an idea, but he didn't act on it immediately. He watched the child who was exploring his newfound strength without ripping trees out of the ground. Instead, he was doing acrobatics with a group of friends.

They began by seeing who could jump the highest. But that soon became boring, since all of them could jump nearly to the top of a small building. So then they started to see who could do the most flips in the air.

It was then that the kids realized that not only were they much stronger, they also had a massive boost in agility. Their control over their own body was immense, which meant that after a few minutes of trying, each of them could do all kinds of tricks in the air.

The lack of difficulty left the kids with a deficiency of stimulation. But kids with nothing to do had great imagination, so then they began to jump off of each other, while in the air, and doing tricks together.

While they were great in controlling their own bodies, coordinating with someone else was something they had not mastered yet. Finally, with a challenge, the kids began investing all their time and energy in figuring this out.

Compared to the rest, this group of kids really was a lot more reserved.

For a moment, Lex considered if he really wanted to ask them to reign in the other kids. He recalled that among the kids there were a few different groups, and they didn't all get along. He didn't want the kids to fight amongst one another.

Just as he had that thought, he observed as one kid launched another through the air using a makeshift slingshot.

He shook his head, and decided to teleport over. He stood there, for a few moments, and only approached when one of them finally noticed him.

"I see you kids are really enjoying yourselves."

"Who are you, mister?" said a girl, suddenly very protective. "We are not allowed to talk to strangers. You better be careful, we're super strong now."

The little girl tried to look intimidating, but ended up appearing adorable instead. He could not help but laugh.

"My apologies, I should have introduced myself first. I am the Innkeeper. I run this place. It's a pleasure to meet you."

The kids were suddenly startled, and filled with excitement at the same time. They gathered around Jimmy and began whispering - though their whispers were quite loud and were easy to hear, even if Lex's hearing hadn't improved drastically.

"He's the one, my mom told me about him…"

"I heard he likes the piano, which is why there's one in the Manor. My dad made me take lessons for it…"

"I heard he's actually Santa…"

"Good afternoon," said Jimmy loudly, as he bowed to him slightly while he waved at the other kids to be quiet.

"There's no need to be nervous. I was just observing how well mannered you are, compared to some… more excitable kids. Since you are all so well behaved, would you like a secret mission?"

"Yes, yes, I want to be a spy!" the super protective girl could not help but scream out.

"Haha, no, it's nothing like that. You see, you, and a lot of other kids, have suddenly received a lot of power. But because of how quickly you all gained this power, not everyone understands that you have to use it safely. With great power, comes a great increase in your parents babysitting bills. So I want you all to go and talk to your other friends and remind them to be careful so that they don't accidentally hurt someone. Remember, I just want you to talk to them, not pick a fight."

"What do we get in return?" asked another kid who was trying to seem nonchalant but it was clear that he was extremely nervous.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Lex could not help but smile.

"Well, I've seen you guys like riding peacocks a lot. If you do well, I'll introduce you to some fish you can ride in the water just like the peacocks."

"FOR THE SEA PEACOCKS!" one of the kids yelled in excitement and suddenly started running. Influenced by him, the other kids began running as well.

Lex could not help but laugh again. They were running in the wrong direction, but they'll probably figure that out eventually…



