Chapter 1090 Burn everything

﻿﻿Lex teleported only a few times before he came close enough that he could estimate the location of the massive tree that he could see even from a distance. But, before teleporting over to it directly, Lex turned around and addressed the battalion.

"For most of you, this is the first time you're heading out to fight. This is also the first time you'll be striking any enemy in revenge, so I should make clear how exactly we will do this. The Tree of Heaven will be much more powerful than any of you, so you will not be fighting the tree. Instead, that will be my job.

"You all, instead, will be attacking the direct subordinates of the Tree and its most faithful zealous followers: the treants. But we are not here to commit genocide, so we won't be ripping every single tree from the ground. Civilians are not to be targeted. Instead, we will be targeting all the commanders, military personnel and zealots. Of course, if someone attacks you first, then feel free to retaliate. Basically, we're going after everyone responsible or complicit in the attack on the Inn."

Everyone nodded, and mentally prepared themselves for the battle ahead. All of the battalion members were naturally wearing their suits from the Tailors shop, so honestly speaking Lex did not expect them to take on any injuries at all. After all, their suits served as better armor than most actual armors!

Lex spread his spirit sense to cover everyone, fixed his gaze on the Tree of Heaven, then teleported over.

Just twenty minutes after the attack in the Inn, they were retaliating. Even if the Tree expected a response, it was unlikely that it was expecting it to be so quick. Most importantly, a part of the Trees soul was still being torture by Anita, and it was clearly still not taking it well, as was evident by the tremors rocking the entire continent.

Chances were, their attack on the Tree would affect all of Menara, but Lex would try to make this as quick as possible.

The moment they reappeared Lex directly attacked the trunk of the tree! With a sword in hand, Lex used a new move from the Inferno Blade series: Waking Dream!

Cassandra had clearly told him he needed to master this technique before he became an immortal or it would limit him.

Lex had spent a long time pondering over why his increased comprehension wasn't allowing him to learn these last three moves. The conclusion he came to was that his mind was too rigid, and his conception of what was and wasn't possible was too well defined because of his life as a mortal on earth. As a result, he would not think flexibly.

But over the past few months, as a result of being exposed to the sealed domain, the shadow plane, and so many other things that defied common sense and his basic understanding of reality, he had finally become flexible enough to accommodate some principles that at first eluded him.

Inferno Blade: Waking Dream was a strike that used the heat of vengeance to burn the souls of its targets. The moment he saw Anita burning the tree, Lex had an epiphany, and he could suddenly understand how something esoteric and intangible like emotions could have real and tangible temperature.

This attack was already targeting the soul to begin with, and Lex further empowered it by entering his soul state so the sword passed through the tree's physical body and cut right into its soul!

Lex had held nothing back in his attack, using all of his might and available resources, which is why he was not surprised when he could sense that the Tree's soul was nearly cut in two!

The entire body of the tree, which was billions of times greater than Lex, if not more, trembled as the Tree was struck with agony it could never have even imagined.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

But while Lex was formidable, the Tree was a genuine Mythical being, and one that had absorbed countless resin pieces as well. It was not weak, and in an instant its soul was reattached.

It had not healed, and was only forcibly being held in place, but it at least reduced the pain. It also activated all of its own power, rebuffing Lex and pushing him back, even if it couldn't truly harm him.

In all his previous cultivation sessions, Lex had once again been focusing on improving his defense so he was not surprised at being unharmed.

But Lex was not here to exchange moves with the Tree in a long, drawn out fight that would test their mettle. He was here to extinguish the Tree's soul and use its body as an ingredient!

Lex took out his most formidable weapon: the Divine Butter Knife!

This was not the one the system gave him, but the one that he made himself which could grow by absorbing divinity. As it happened, the Tree contained an immense amount of divinity, rivaling that of a real Deity, which was easy to understand since the Tree had been worshiped its entire life.

Then, using the Divine Butter Knife, Lex used Waking Dream once more!

The Tree launched its own attack, new branches suddenly erupting from its body and launching towards Lex. Even though Lex was in his soul state, the Tree was in the Nascent realm as well, and so could also interact with souls, so it could still fight him off.

But when the two clashed, it was still the Tree that came out worse for wear.

"INSOLENT TRASH, I WILL-"

Lex didn't bother listening to the Tree's dying monologue. Waking Dream a powerful move, yes, but it would have been even more powerful if his sword intent was stronger. Since it was not at its peak, it could not be used to overwhelmingly cut through all of the Tree's defenses and its soul, but at least it served to gauge how strong the Tree actually was.

He had one more thing prepared to take it down quickly. Lex Blinked to the Tree's body, and used a Glyph.

A massive, deep scarlet Glyph appeared in front of Lex's face, radiating lethal danger.

The Tree of Heaven, despite the mind crippling pain it was in from having its soul constantly severed, suddenly snapped its attention to Lex as it for the second time that day encountered a sensation it had never felt before.

It felt the threat of death closing in, on the verge of clasping its cold hands around it. WIthout thought or hesitation, the Tree unleashed all its power at once. A tsunami of divinity erupted from its body, encasing its massive trunk in a radiant beam. Its roots, which had long become one with the continent, buried deep into the very core of the realm, suddenly erupted from the ground, and then were pulled back in at supersonic sounds.

Its leaves became razors that could cut through the fabric of reality, uncaring for what barrier stood in their way.

A billion treants across the land suddenly withered and died as all of their energy was suddenly absorbed by the Tree of Life, activating an ancient ability it had never needed to use. An illusory shield made of the densest bark formed around the tree, radiating an aura that subtly transcended the Nascent realm.

The true might of this ability could not be displayed in the fledgling Nascent realm, but even this was enough to block out any conceivable attack a Nascent level enemy could throw at it.

The size of the Tree began to shrink as it used all its abilities in a split second. Beyond just the shield of bark, it used countless abilities both to attack and defend, not to mention it even used an incredibly desperate ability that would let it retain a hint of life even against overbearing odds.

All this happened in a split second, and if it was afforded more time, no doubt the Tree would unveil the true extent of its massive repertoire it had accumulated in its long life. But more time it did not have, because Lex used the Glyph that represented a dragon's strongest attack: Dragon breath!

A jet of crimson and orange flames shot out of the Glyph in front of Lex's mouth, sparing nothing that dared obstruct its path, accompanied by an earth-shattering dragon's roar.

The Midnight Realm, which was still setting its foundation, and was still setting the laws that would govern the realm over the course of its existence, experienced a subtle change. A hint of the dragon's aura that was released alongside the flames was absorbed directly by the realm itself, and the laws it was forming underwent a minor change.

But neither Lex nor anyone else noticed, for the devastation of the flames far surpassed anything Lex could have imagined. He had remained in the soul state, since he wanted the flames to attack the Tree's soul and not its body.

But a dragon's flames could not be suppressed. They burned everything.



Chapter 1091 Dragon fire

There were countless races in the universe, more than Lex could ever know. Of them, there were surely many who were monstrously powerful, perhaps even more so than dragons. The Celestial race was one such example.

If looked at only using face value, then dragons were born as Earth Immortals, but Celestials were born in the Celestial Immortal level. By that comparison, they were much more powerful, and indeed their influence was unquestionable. Lex knew this because the small bits of information the Rhinocentaurs provided often mentioned them and their Celestial court.

But while they were incredibly powerful, Lex knew no distinguishing features about them save that they looked very similar to humans. Similarly, the other powerful races he knew all had incredible powers, such as the devils unquestionable control over demons, but no race seemed to be as well known as the dragons.

Who did not know about their insatiable greed? Who did not know about their unquestionable strength? Who did not cower when they brought their Might to bear? Similar to all those things, the fame of dragon's breath was also unsurpassed. It was their most powerful attack, and thus, it was incomparable, and could not be suppressed.

Even though Lex was merely using a Glyph, and was recreating the weakest version of dragon fire, and could barely be considered a training aid for actual dragons, within the Nascent realm even this contained devastating destructive capabilities.

Not only did every single one of the Trees defenses vaporize upon coming into contact with the crimson flames, even the energy used to create those techniques became chaotic and berserk, breaking free of the Tree's control, and causing it to suffer a minor cultivation deviation.

But before it could even feel the effects of such a thing, or rather, before it would even register that something had gone amiss with its cultivation, the Tree came into contact with the flames.

The damage was not limited to its soul at all as its entire body burst into flames so suddenly, it was as if someone used a flamethrower to light a tanker of crude oil on fire! The resulting explosion was so massive that Lex's instincts finally tingled a sense of danger, and he immediately teleported the battalion away.

Lex, however, remained since he had to ensure that the tree did not escape, not to mention he was confident in his own defense. Yet the wisdom of such a decision came into question almost immediately.

The Tree of Heaven, its entire body which rose up into the heavens and beyond, was bathed in yellow and golden flames, but those were not dragon fire. No, that was just the consequence of the heat of dragon fire. The atmosphere itself, alongside the tree, and spontaneously combusted when it came into contact with that crimson torrent due to its immense heat.

When the dragon fire finally reached the Tree, it was as if all that it touched was kindling, and that too soaked in highly combustible liquid. The Tree exploded.

There was a flash of white light so bright that, for a brief moment, it erased all other colors. In the entire realm there was nothing else save for the white light. Then came the blast.

Even though Lex had teleported all the workers away, he knew immediately that the resulting devastation of the dragon fire would reach them no matter where they were. Let alone them, the sanctity of the entire continent was at risk.

Actually, that was incorrect. There was no risk. It was certain that the entire continent was about to be wiped from existence. Perhaps Lex had underestimated the might of dragon fire, or the Tree of Heaven just made for excellent firewood. Regardless, as soon as the flash of white hit him, Lex's mind went into overdrive and he knew that if he didn't do something to contain this blast the consequences would be dire.

Time seemed to slow down for Lex as all the knowledge he had accumulated since he began his cultivation journey came together, and turned into something more.

Under the white light of annihilation, Lex recalled his earliest days. Marlo had said the best defense was offense - kill the enemy before they could harm you. Regal Embrace said the best defense was being so ridiculously tough that nothing could scratch him - just stand there and watch them struggle to scratch your skin. Experience told him that no matter how high his defense was, there were too many enemies who existed far beyond his level so he could not just rely on it - even if he was the toughest Foundation cultivator in all existence, an Earth Immortal could squish him like a big.

Arrays used the energy of the universe to sustain themselves. Spiritual techniques used the energy of the cultivator to give birth to astonishing phenomena. Formations used items and treasures in specific arrangements to bring about certain effects in a specific region. All of them were incredible, but none of them created something new - they were just replicating things that already existed in the universe.

All existence, then, was dictated by their associated laws.

Talk to the hand was one of the techniques he learned, and it created a barrier in front of his hand. Evisceration was one of his favorite attacks, but it used the eyes. What was the difference between using hands and using eyes to bring about an external result? Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

He had many states of mind which allowed him to think in various ways, such as Flow, Overdrive and Berserk, but at the end of the way it was still his mind doing all that thinking, so why did he need so many techniques?

Impervious Hands was a technique he originally learnt because its defense was ridiculously high, but practically he kept using it because it offered so many other benefits.

He learned Inferno Blade because he wanted new attacks and to train his sword intent, but in actuality he was now using it to gauge whether he was ready to become an Immortal or not.

Nothing was ever straightforward. Everything had obvious benefits, but more than that, they had hidden benefits that only those smart or lucky enough to realize them could unlock.

All these thoughts and millions more ran through Lex's mind in a fraction of a second, and he used all of them to, for the first time ever, create his own technique.



Chapter 1092 Dawn and Dusk

﻿﻿There was no time. Everything happened too quickly. Lex and the Tree were fighting, and the Tree was losing, but not fast enough. Lex decided to use a stronger technique to speed things up. Somehow, that had brought about an apocalyptic event that threatened to eradicate an entire continent.

If blame had to be assigned, Lex thoroughly allocated it on the Tree. Why was it fighting so hard? If it had just sat there and let Lex win, none of this would have happened. But a debate on why some people were just unreasonable was pointless, so it was best not to dwell on it.

Lex did not understand how techniques worked. Or at least, he did not understand why making them in certain ways within one's body brought about certain effects. Some people created techniques without understanding the why. As long as they could understand the effects, that's all that mattered. But such a mentality left room for unknown flaws, and so Lex did not subscribe to such a method.

Instead, he focused not on the manipulation of spiritual energy, but of laws instead. For some reason, it was a lot easier for him to do that. Wasn't he essentially just manipulating the effects of laws when he created laws anyway?

Once he began creating the technique, inspiration just kept coming and he realized that what was before him was not a calamity, but an amazing opportunity.

Lex moved, and activated his newly created technique which he immediately named Heaven's Furnace. An invisible barrier formed around the tree, coating it like a second skin, just in time for the bright light to end.

Then the explosion happened. But instead of a shockwave shooting through the realm, the explosion was contained perfectly within the barrier Lex had created.

The strength of the initial explosion was such that nothing Lex had ever created before could block it even for a fraction of a second, yet Heaven's Furnace stayed strong. It had to, after all, since a furnace's sole purpose was to contain heat and pressure.

But while the barrier remained strong, without a single blemish, Lex did not look so great. He had become pale and his eyes reddened. That was because, much life Impervious hands, the defense of this barrier was based on the toughness of Lex's own body.

While that did not mean that Lex was exposed to the devastation of the explosion in place of the barrier, it did mean that the pressure he faced was directly proportional to what he was blocking. Yet this was only the beginning.

Since the explosion was not allowed to spread, all its energy remained trapped within the barrier, alongside the remnants of the dragon fire as well. That in turn continued to result in subsequent explosions!

The countless nations formed under the shadow of the Tree watched in horrifying awe as the Tree was replaced by a chaotic mis of fire, light, and things they could not completely understand.

But this was not enough. A furnace was not designed to just hold heat, no, it was designed to melt and purify. Lex had employed every relevant law he could think of in designing this technique, because he was not satisfied with just containing the explosion. No, he wanted to refine the tree into a much smaller, much purer, and more compact material that he intended to use as an ingredient for his system.

His mistake was in thinking that only natural ingredients could be absorbed by the system, but no one had ever stipulated that. If he could refine the remains of an unbelievably powerful Mythical being, which had its potential repeatedly enhanced under the influence of Amber Chaos resin, then why couldn't that be used as an ingredient?

The law of power, of defense, of control, of fire and many more were used to create this technique. For the laws that he lacked an affinity in, he made use of array characters to tap into their underlying laws. It might not be the best way to create a technique, but it was working damn well.

Lex raised his trembling hands and pressed his fingers as if he was squeezing something, and the barrier began to shrink in size. Yet there was still a raging inferno within, and it resisted his every effort. It wanted nothing more than to break free. It wanted nothing more-

A black, burnt root suddenly slammed the barrier. Somehow, surrounded by endless fire, exploded by dragon fire, and squeezed by the immeasurable pressure with the Heavens furnace, the Tree of Heaven had still not died.

Perhaps such a thing was to be expected. How could the influence of not one but several Dao level ingredients be limited to solely potential? But no matter how the tree bashed against the barrier, it did not budge.

Considering that the barrier was the original size of the Tree, and yet now the Tree was lost within the flames, banging against the barrier for release, it was evident how much of the Tree had already burnt away.

Cracks began to form on Lex's skin as he struggled to maintain the technique, and keep the size of the barrier shrinking. Blood started to seep out of his nose and ears. Even with his great self control, he could not keep himself from grunting and groaning each time the tree smashed the barrier.

But the barrier itself never once wavered. Besides light, the barrier allowed nothing else to escape. The ground did not so much as tremble when the explosions happened, and no one felt the Trees dying throes.

There was just the visage of a tree shaped explosion, growing smaller slowly, forming a breathtakingly beautiful sight. It was as if a tree made entirely of swirling flames and replaced the Tree of Heaven.

For a time, Menara bathed in the glow of the burning tree, replicating the lights and colors of a beautiful dawn, and eventually, a breathtaking dusk.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

For two whole months, Lex kept the barrier in place, slowly shrinking it. Finally, when it reached just two feet in size, the pressure finished. What remained was a flame, still swirling and filled with all the colors of the sky, and fixed in the final shape of the Tree of Heaven.

Lex let the barrier collapse, finally, and approached the small tree made entirely of fire. He was hesitant at first, but from the tree he felt no danger, no heat. All he felt was a welcoming warmth. He touched it, and it was barely lukewarm in temperature.

But much more warning than that was the sound of a notification he heard. Lex read it, and despite his horrendous state, smiled.



Chapter 1093 Good day

﻿﻿New Notification: Unique grade ingredient Heavenly tree of Dragon Fire detected! Absorb ingredient to repair the system?

It was a very simple notification, yet at the same time, it was immensely informative. Previously, the ingredients he found were either Heavenly, Celestial or Dao level ingredients. But the Heavenly tree of Dragon Fire was rated as unique. He did not know where on the scale that fell, but he was hoping that it would be enough.

He only needed 3% more and his quest would be complete. It was both very close, and very far.

Lex accepted the prompt, and the tree of fire disappeared, absorbed into the system. Over the past couple of months Lex had been completely occupied using Heaven's furnace, to the point where he could not be distracted at all. He had thoroughly underestimated the vitality of the Tree, as it stayed alive right up until the very end, despite being trapped inside such a deadly inferno.

He felt that while his estimate of the Trees combat strength was accurate, he had underestimated how difficult it would be to kill. It only made sense.

"Is it over?" Leonidus asked, walking up to Lex.

Over the past couple of months, the battalion had made its way back to Lex and protected him the entire time in case he was attacked. It would have hardly mattered as his defense was incredible, but it would not have been a pleasant experience, which is why Lex was grateful for their help.

They'd also used this time to finish their own objectives as well. Being teleported away mid-battle had been surprising, but when they saw what state the Tree had been brought to, they were quite understanding. But their job was quite a bit easier than they expected, because most zealots of the Tree, or the most devoted worshippers died on their own, leaving behind only shriveled bodies, as if they had been sucked dry of everything.

After that, all the forces of the various countries under the shade of the tree were crippled on their own, leaving the battalion with nothing to do. While it was clear to many that those who had died had their energies absorbed by the Tree in a bid for survival, others blamed the battalion, so it wasn't like protecting Lex was a walk in the park.

But they suffered no casualties, which was all that mattered.

"Yes, it's over," Lex said, then turned to look around him. The tree was truly massive, and as it had suddenly disappeared, an enormous hole had been left in the place where it once stood. But that was far from the extent of the repercussions of its sudden departure.

Lex could feel that the Tree's absence would affect everything from tectonic movements, to weather, the development of the entire continents civilizations, as well as the spiritual energy.

Rather than decreasing, the concentration of spiritual energy on the continent was actually increasing, and quite noticeably. It seemed that the Tree had been monopolizing all that energy, but since it couldn't cultivate further Lex had no idea what else it was doing with that energy. But at the same time, he didn't care.

To be more specific, as long as the Tree was truly dead and hadn't left behind any clones or means or revival, he didn't care. He tapped into his instincts, trying to determine if he could still feel the existence of the Tree, but they were silent.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

It was time to return, but first…

"Let the word spread," Lex's voice echoed out over the countries that had once taken refuge with the tree. "This is what happens to those who dare attack the Midnight Inn."

He didn't really need to elaborate. He was sure that by now everyone knew exactly what was going on. But considering the distance from the Tree and the Inn, there was quite a decent chance that many didn't know what was actually happening. Misinformation was also a dangerous thing, and he didn't want the reputation of the Inn to become that they would attack people unprovoked.

So he left a few final words, before encompassing everyone with his spirit sense and teleporting them all back to the Inn.

It had been a long few months, and Lex was extremely tired. In fact, his body ached to do nothing more than sleep, but Lex resisted the urge for a moment. He dragged his weary self out to the now repaired Midnight manor and sat himself down at the bar.

The number of people in the bar was strangely few, but Lex didn't mind right now. He was not in the most presentable condition anyway, so maybe it was for the best.

"Give me something that will keep me awake for a little longer, something with a kick," Lex said without looking up. He closed his eyes and let himself rest. It was a little premature, but he genuinely felt like his quest would be complete now. It wasn't something his instincts were telling him, rather, just his own feeling.

If it proved to be true, then finally they would be past the teething problems of the Inn. That would officially mark the end of their move from the Origin realm, and the start of their time in the Midnight realm. He could begin to work out ways to send his guests back. He could train himself and the others. He could… he could do many things.

It was a beginning, and an ending, for only now did he feel like he was letting go of his dependance of the Origin realm.

"Here, try this. We've recently harvested our own coffee beans at the Inn, so we've been trying various ways of making coffee."

Lex was surprised at the familiar voice. He opened his eyes and saw Gerard in his waistcoat, standing behind the bar.

"What are you doing here?" Lex asked. It had been a long time since Gerard had to fill a position such as bartender. It was only in the early days of the Inn that he had filled such a role.

"I was just feeling a little nostalgic today. There must be something in the air, because it's affecting everyone."

He nodded his head, and Lex turned and found that Z had huddled up in a corner of the bar, put on his headphones and was watching anime. Velma was sitting at the grand piano, playing a soft, romantic melody.

Vera and her mother were sitting at a table nearby, playing cards, of all things.

Harry and his wife were in another corner, talking to a group of friends. Of all things, John was even here, though he was sitting alone and scribbling something on a notebook.

There were a few other new and old faces, but Lex was suddenly taken back to the first few days of the Inn. It had all been so hectic back then, yet looking back, for all the stress he had ensured back then, they were good times.

Lex smiled, and took a sip of his coffee, taking in its rich, aromatic flavors.

"This is pretty good," Lex said. Gerard only nodded, and went to serve someone else.

Lex didn't talk much. He didn't go and join any other conversations. He just sat there and enjoyed the pleasant environment.

Who knew what the future held, but at least the present was pretty good.

Lex thought back to some of his old guests. It had been a while since he had seen old man Will or Helen, or that lazy sloth that had given him so much trouble back then. He wondered how they were all doing. There was also little Tiffany who had grown up. As the chosen one of a planet, her life was probably very hectic, right? Everyone else probably also had a lot of things keeping them busy, maybe stressing them out.

But it was only with such a busy, hectic life that one could appreciate the charm of the Midnight Inn. It allowed them to take a small pause from the troubles of their life - take a small break, recover, and then move on.

Lex suddenly had an impulsive whim to open the Inn back up to everyone. Keeping the Inn closed was a real disservice to everyone who needed a vacation. But it was just an impulsive thought, he couldn't actually do it. He had to strengthen himself first - at least till he was ready to become an immortal.

Lex took another sip, and looked around the room. Everything was so peaceful. It was quite nice, but he couldn't help but miss Marlo. Sometimes, a little crazy energy was also quite rejuvenating.

"I'm too young to be feeling so nostalgic," Lex murmured to himself, and took another sip of the coffee. Why was it so damn good? How had he never thought of trying this before?

But after another hour, even the coffee began to fail Lex, and he was forced to bid farewell to the relaxing environment of the bar and retire to his bedroom.

After a quick shower, he threw himself to bed.



Chapter 1094 Barrage of notifications

﻿﻿The next week should have been very relaxing for Lex, considering he just had to wait for the system to finish absorbing the Heavenly tree of Dragon Fire, but that was far from what actually happened.

Once he recovered from his exhaustion, Lex spent a little time relaxing and cultivating, but that had its limits, so he returned to the Inn to see if there were things that required his attention. For the most part, the Inn had completely recovered from the attack. All was well - or at least, that's how it appeared on the surface.

But the fluctuations that the realm experienced hadn't gone unnoticed by the various guests. Knowledgeable and experienced as they were, many guests immediately realized what had happened. The realm was too weak to contain the strength of an Earth immortal.

Unfortunately, that led to a lot of speculation. The various guests who wanted to leave began to secretly meet and discuss if the weakness of the realm was the real reason the Innkeeper had disappeared. If that was the case... this presented a few opportunities.

Some were beginning to consider if they could return to where they came from if they destabilized the realm enough, while others began to consider the potential gains of monopolizing an entire new realm!

The only risk was that sooner or later, the Innkeeper would find a way to get revenge even if he could not enter the realm - not to mention they had no real confirmation if that was the case to begin with.

The threat of the Innkeeper was the only thing keeping them from taking action, but that didn't change the fact that they were still whispering about it. The only reason Lex discovered this to begin with was the increased potency of his instincts.

The Midnight Inn was supposed to have a malicious intent detection system, though Lex did not think it was working properly. It hardly ever detected anyone who actually had the means to do harm to the Inn, just some low level miscreants.

But now, his instincts were displaying similar characteristics. Even though they were not specifically targeting Lex in their considerations, the Inn was closely related to Lex, and so he picked up on it. After that, well, all he had to do was spy on the thoughts of some of them to discover what was going on.

He made sure to only target those weaker than himself so he wouldn't get caught, and then kept an eye on them. Although initially he felt some sympathy for these guests who had been sort of kidnapped, that was no longer the case.

Now, Lex was just patiently waiting for the system to return to functionality so he could kick them out and ban them! That didn't change the fact that there were countless immortals teetering on the edge of turning against him.

That is why his week was spent monitoring the rebellious group and noting down their names. There was a chance that this was not everyone, and that some were even more cautious about it, but Lex could do nothing about that for now.

But, on the eighth day, Lex heard the one sound he had been waiting for, and immediately checked his notification!

A wide grin appeared on his face as he read it.

New Notification: Heavenly tree of Dragon Fire absorbed! System repaired 8%! System functionality at 40.2%!

Quest Complete: (System failure detected! Immediately restore the system to minimum 35% functionality before permanent system shutdown!)

Quest Reward: Return of normal system functions!

Remarks: Why were you taking mini-vacations while I was struggling to keep the system running?!?!?!

New Notification: Teleportation functions back online! All normal day-to-day services back online!

New Notification: Due to the system regaining 40% functionality, new features have been unlocked! New Features:𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

1. Guest satisfaction rating

2. Host Attire upgrade

3. Realm law replication

4. Branch management functionality (Tavern)

5. Inn level division

New Notification: Due to improvement of system functionality, various quality of life upgrades have been performed.

New Notification: Due to improvement of system functionality, various operational bugs have been addressed.

New Notification: Host authority raised! Authority level: 5.

New Quest: Insufficiency in Midnight services has been detected! Provide materials to strengthen Space and Laws within the territory of the Inn to facilitate realm tribulations!

1. 0/1000 Lightning tribulation shards

2. 0/1000 Fire tribulation embers

3. 0/1000 Space crystals

Quest time limit: 5 years!

Quest reward: Subject to performance!

Quest failure punishment: 100 year cultivation lock

Remarks: I told you the consequences of getting answers would come in the form of quests!

New Quest: Sometimes guests find an Inn, but sometimes, the Inn finds its guests! Change the destiny of 100 guests!

Quest time limit: 5 years!

Quest reward: Subject to performance!

Quest failure punishment: Destiny level formation will be suspended for 100 years!

Remarks: Buddy, the next time you need my help, I'm going to go to a bar and get a drink!

New Quest: Sometimes, the Inn guests come to the Inn, and other times, the Inn must go to the guests! Bring a branch of the Inn to an event significantly affecting a specific cultivation realm:

1. 0/1 Mortal realm event

2. 0/1 Body tempering event

3. 0/1 Qi training event

4. 0/1 Foundation realm event

5. 0/1 Golden core event

6. 0/1 Nascent soul event

Quest reward: Midnight Inn branch upgrade (Tavern)

Remarks: I heard you need your employees' help to get a date. No wonder you drink every time you see a bar.

New Notification: Absorbing systems below rank B- will no longer upgrade system functionality.

Oh boy, there was a lot to unpack here. New features, interesting new upgrades, quality of life improvements, new quests that honestly did not seem to be as difficult as he was expecting, and much more. He even missed the system's attitude.

But, before doing any of that, Lex equipped the newly upgraded Host Attire, and searched for all the guests who wanted to leave the Inn, as well as those who were considering monopolizing the realm for themselves!

If nothing else, the malicious intent function was working a lot better, because he could easily identify everyone who was planning on taking advantage of the Innkeepers absence. With a wave of his hand, he kicked them all out, and banned them from ever coming back!

Then, with another wave of his hand, everyone who wanted to leave the Inn was also sent back. At the same time, all the buildings that had been repaired by the workers, but were left with tiny or barely noticeable imperfections were all fixed.

The terrain, the ground, the roads and public transport were all immediately repaired as well. At the same time, every single personal assistant for every guest was upgraded, so that they would inform the guests that the teleportation function was temporarily back online.

If anyone wanted to leave now, they could do so. In fact, they were encouraged to do so because the teleportation services were going to be shut down in a few days once again, and this time they might be closed for years!

If anyone wanted to stay back, not only did they need to pay for a deposit for their long stay, they also had to agree to the fact that they would not cause any issues until teleportation functions were turned back on. If they decided to stay, but then caused issues later on, they would be permanently banned from the Inn!

Everyone was surprised by the sudden changes, and for a moment thought that the Innkeeper had returned. But Lex did not reappear as the Innkeeper, and remained hidden. After all, he wanted to focus on all the new notifications he got, and take his time understanding the new features one by one.

Like an excited little boy about to unwrap his christmas presents, Lex rubbed his hands together and pulled up the interface and began going through everything.

With the return of the teleportation function, new guests were able to come to the Inn from outside again, but he intended to use a token to seal the Inn soon, so that was the least of his concerns.

He began going through the new features for now. First off was the Guest satisfaction rating. From now on, the experience of each guest would be recorded and automatically tabulated. Lex could check individual as well as cumulative satisfaction ratings. If his satisfaction rating fell…

Lex froze. This was not so much an upgrade as it was a sort of setback! If his cumulative guest satisfaction fell below a certain rating, it would affect his ability to use MP and MT! Basically, it added a condition to his use of money!

Maybe this was something that should have existed from the get go, but since Lex never needed to worry about this before, its sudden arrival was a huge downer. Especially since right now he had just kicked out thousands of unsatisfied guests. The fact that they were unsatisfied, and the fact that he had kicked them out both contributed to lowering the cumulative results! He was currently only at 62%!



Chapter 1095 New features

﻿﻿Lex groaned. Of course nothing was ever easy. He focused on the details to learn more. The lower his guest satisfaction rating, the more expensive things would be to buy using MP! It was a very straightforward relationship, and yet extremely effective.

"What's the point of this? It wasn't as if I was not looking after my guests' experiences," he lamented, but there was no one to give him an answer. Well, he did just kick out and ban a bunch of guests because they irritated him. But in his defense, they were planning on acting against the Inn!

Just for a comparison, he checked the price of a regular room. Ordinarily, it cost him 500 MP to buy it, but with his current satisfaction rating it cost 806 MP.

It was not too bad, but he could see how, when applied across hundreds or thousands of purchases, even a price increase of 1 MP could cost him an immense amount. This added a new hurdle to manage, but it wasn't so bad. He was confident he could quickly raise the satisfaction rating, not to mention that if the cumulative satisfaction rating was about 95% he would gain access to special perks.

Next, he turned his attention to the upgrades to the Host Attire. For one, it no longer needed to be an entire ensemble, but rather a single clothing item. That did not seem like much of an upgrade, until Lex saw that the attire now had an active and passive mode.

In active mode the attire would take on its normal appearance, and Lex would look like the Innkeeper to any who saw him. But in the inactive mode, Lex would still look like Lex, but with the added benefit that he could still completely and thoroughly control the Inn, like he could while wearing the attire. This included when he was not actually inside the Inn!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

But outside the Inn, the attire would only remain in its inactive mode, and so Lex could not pretend to be the Innkeeper. It was a nice upgrade, considering that it would keep him connected to the Inn basically all the time now. Mostly, it was just a replacement for the fact that the system was supposed to fuse with his soul by now.

Much more interesting than the first two was the third new feature, which was Realm law replication. Basically, just like how the Inn had various different biomes to support various different guests, such as lakes for aquatic guests, temples for divine guests and so on, the realm could now replicate the laws of certain realms to accommodate guests who could only survive in very specific conditions.

One example of unusual laws was the place Lex visited just a few months ago, where he turned into a 2D character. Although it was technically still this realm, the laws within that small region were completely different.

One of the primary reasons for that was that the Midnight realm itself was brand new, and far from stabilizing, so the laws that governed the realm had not been fully established. That meant there was a certain possibility that the laws that turned the world 2D might actually take over the realm!

Although, more realistically, chances were high that those laws would slowly be corrected.

But the system could not replicate those laws out of nothing. Just as he had to spend a certain amount of time on planets to connect them to the system, he had to spend a certain amount of time in realms with special laws for the system to be able to replicate them.

This was extremely interesting. Lex hadn't experienced going to any realms with unique laws yet, but then again, how many realms had he even been to? According to what he understood, even the Origin realm, which was the largest and strongest realm he had ever been to, was not a completely mature realm, let alone the Crystal realm or Midnight realm.

But he had no doubt that sooner or later he would get a chance to visit some of these realms. If that was the case, being able to replicate their unique laws not only enabled him to host more guests, it provided new attractions for guests as well. He could totally see a family taking a vacation and heading into a 2D world for a while. Who knew what other strange realms there were out there?

He would definitely try to capture the laws of that 2D place before it disappeared, if it was possible. Since they weren't the laws of an entire realm he wasn't sure if it would work.

The next was the Branch Management functionality. To an extent, it already existed. After all, he had established the tavern long ago. But Lex felt like the appearance of the tavern hadn't been so much because he taunted the system, but because it was a pre-existing feature that was released since he theoretically had full authority at the time, and asked for it.

The Branch Management functionality refined some of the features he already had access to, such as the rumor room which was something he only had in the tavern, but more importantly it brought one new incredibly amazing feature to the tavern!

No longer was the tavern fixed in one location! He could teleport it to any realm or planet connected to the Inn, and if he bought special tickets, he could even teleport it to unconnected planets!

More importantly, even while he kept the Inn sealed, he could continue to operate the tavern, which meant he could technically complete all his quests while keeping the Inn sealed!

Much like the system said, instead of waiting for guests to come to him, it was time to take his tavern to various guests!

The notion was actually quite exciting. He could already imagine all the various adventures he could have in the traveling Inn. Heh, this is his reward from holding himself back from adventuring when he was looking for ingredients.

The next feature, the Inn level division, was actually one that made a lot of sense and he had been wondering about for a while. At the moment, the spiritual energy concentration in the Inn was quite pure and high, which was beneficial to everyone. But that was also because everyone here were either locals, or suitably powerful.

Such a high energy concentration would actually be quite dangerous for weaker guests. That is where the level division would come in. It was great that he got a lot more land, because now he would need to develop more of the Inn.

Starting from level 0, which basically had the same amount of spirit energy as Earth, if only a little purer, all the way to level 5, which matched his authority level, the Inn would be divided into various levels.

The spiritual energy in each level would be different, but at the same time, so would be the cost of living there. For example, 1 MP is equal to $1000 from back on Earth, which effectively meant that most humans on earth would never be able to actually afford living here.

But now, on level one, the price would be drastically reduced, so that normal guests could also afford it. Of course, guests who had high cultivation levels but were on a budget could also choose to reside in a lower level. Basically, the Inn was now accommodating all price ranges, which meant a lot more guests could actually come here.

These were just the newest features that had been added. Various existing services had been improved, though he did not know the details, and some of the loopholes he depended on had been fixed. This included the issue with teleportation.

Previously, many guests would sneak into the Inn from places they weren't supposed to be in, and then teleport back when they needed to do something devious. Many robberies had been committed like this, not to mention assassinations and other crimes. Being complicit to such criminal activities was not really the best for the Inns image, so Lex addressed the issue, but it was far from ideal.

Now the system fixed it on its own. Anyone could teleport to the Inn from anywhere, that was still true, so technically criminals could still use it to escape. But if guests tried to teleport back, they would not be sent exactly back to the same location, unless they had permission or were supposed to be there. If they did not have permission to return to the place they teleported from originally, they would just be sent to a public spot nearby.

That was still similar to the change that Lex made, but what was different was that guests could now purchase a permanent teleportation point. That meant that they could choose to return to that permanent spot instead of where they arrived from!

This was not a perfect solution, and actually made it easier for criminals to get away, but Lex guessed the system wasn't thinking about that when it added the feature.



Chapter 1096 Easy

The upgrade to the features was nice. It also indicated that as the system's functionality was being repaired, its performance was also increasing. EVen this was only at 40% functionality. Lex could not even imagine what would happen if the system reached 50%, or even 100%!

On top of everything, Lex's system authority had also increased to level 5!

That was incredibly useful, as he could now purchase even more things from the system directly! More powerful and diverse formations, get more detailed answers from Mary, as well as exercise his control over more aspects of the Inn.

Although the notification about his authority increase was the simplest, it was perhaps the most useful.

That only left behind the three quests he had been given altogether! But even if he had been given three quests at once, Lex did not feel pressured or alarmed by them. Instead, not only did they seem pretty easy to accomplish, they also seemed very interesting. They also seemed designed especially for the latest application of his tavern.

The first quest was to provide materials that could strengthen the laws within the Inns territory. Lex had a strong suspicion that the system could easily get them if it wished, but was delegating the task to Lex to make him suffer.

But the thing was, both Lightning tribulation shards and space crystals were things he could easily get! In fact, Vera had only recently reminded him that there were countless oracles still within the Inn who were requesting his service to remove lightning shards from their souls.

Each person had dozens to hundreds of such shards in their soul, depending on their level. Gathering these would be the easiest, and he would actually get paid to do so! The Space crystals should have, theoretically, been the hardest to find.

They were formed as a crystallization of space, which is something that did not happen naturally. Under normal circumstances, Lex would have had to go to a place where space had been shattered and was rebuilding, or find fragments of space that had become trapped within the void, or go to places where the space laws had suffered some abnormal mutation and resulted in space crystals.

But as it happened, since the Midnight realm was a developing realm, and its space was ever expanding and growing, even though its laws had not completely settled yet, the entire realm was riddled with space crystals.

He didn't even need to leave the territory of the Inn and he'd be able to find an entire mine for it, so getting a mere 1000 crystals was… maybe worth five minutes of effort? If he was slow about it.

Fire tribulation embers, then, became the difficult thing to collect. It was not something that could be found within the Midnight realm, and getting his hands on it might have taken some effort if circumstances were different. But, due to Lex's deep history with lava and volcanoes, he had been thoroughly researching them lately, and discovered a specific region within the Origin realm.

It was a particular star that, for reasons no one knew, was made up entirely of Fire tribulation fire. It had been that way for thousands of years, and was a very famous spot used by many to train for their fire tribulations.

That did not mean it would be easy to get his hands of Fire embers from there, but with his history with the infinity emporium, he was sure he could hire them to get some embers, if they didn't have some saved up already.

So basically the one quest that had the most dangerous punishment could be easily resolved. With the teleportation function operational, Lex could even go and give the infinity emporium the commission right now!

In fact, that was one of the first things he planned on doing. Now that a bunch of guests had been sent out of the Inn, the news that the Inn had an entirely new realm all to itself would spread.

That would, inevitably, attract some kind of trouble. That was one of the reasons why he wanted to close the Inn as quickly as possible. But having it open for a short time offered many advantages that he wanted to avail.

In short, the first quest was not nearly as difficult as it was made out to be. He even intended to complete it as quickly as possible to get the best possible reward.

Then came the second quest. It was hard to determine how easy or difficult this would be. Theoretically, it should be pretty easy. He just needed to find some guests on the verge of dying and save them, or maybe lend weak guests a cultivation technique or something along those lines. With the tavern traveling from place to place, within five years, it shouldn't be difficult to change the destiny of just a hundred people.

That finally left the third quest, which was to attend six events, each specifically focused on a different cultivation level. This again did not seem hard. With access to countless worlds, finding six measly events over the course of five years should not be hard at all. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The only thing that Lex was slightly curious about was whether those five years were in the Midnight realm, or outside? Since time flowed three times faster in the Midnight realm than in the Origin realm, if he only had five years here, then that would equate to a little more than a year in the Origin realm.

Whereas if it were five years in the Origin realm, it would be equal to fifteen years here. Considering he intended to use the tavern to complete the quests, he hoped it followed the timeline of the Origin realm, but he had a feeling that was too much to ask for.

Lastly, there was the restriction on the grade of systems he could absorb. It was a predictable issue, considering what happened with the resin. But it wasn't urgent, so he'd deal with it in the future.



Chapter 1097 Favourite kind of troubles

Speaking of five years, there was another matter as well. Vera had given him a prophecy, and told him that he needed to visit a specific planet in exactly five years. Those five years, he was sure, referred to Origin realm years, so that was something he needed to keep in mind.

With various different time flows to deal with now, keeping track of time in each realm would be something that required conscious effort.

At last, there was one final thing he needed to consider and decide before once again sealing the Inn. Should he send his clone out into the Origin realm, or keep it here within the Midnight realm?

There were benefits to both, which is why this was something he had been unable to instantly decide. He could only deliberate it over the next few days.

With all his decisions made, Lex began to act. Time was of the essence. He wanted to minimize his time as much as possible, but how long that was depended on how quickly the Infinity Emporium provided him with the embers.

Lex teleported back to X-142 and was about to head into the emporium when he paused, and itched his nose. After spending so much time in the Midnight realm, coming back to the Origin realm made him feel slightly nauseous.

Considering the fact that he was in the Nascent realm, making him feel anything was a considerable task. But this nausea was not random. It was only now that he had returned to the Origin realm that he realized how impure its spirit energy felt. It was not something he had noticed before.

But why was that the case? He had never noticed anything wrong with the spiritual energy here before, nor had he heard anyone complain. Sure, there were some places with higher and lower energy concentrations, but that was normal.

But his instincts told him that this was a matter he should pay attention to, but it wasn't dangerous.

Lex rubbed his nose, as if clearing something out, before returning to?normal. The nausea faded, but he could not forget that it had been there to begin with.

Lex walked into the Emporium, and could not help but notice that the energy here was much purer.

"Lex, my friend, I was wondering when I'd see you again," said Powell excitedly. "I have some great news! Hehe, did you know someone captured videos of the Silent Wanderer in one of the Fuegan warzones. Rumor has it that… the owner of the ship even dared threaten Earth immortals right inside the command center and survived unharmed!

"Hehe, that news, alongside a lot of clever marketing has caused the Havalier Industries to become even more famous! They approached the emporium, wondering if they could connect to the owner of the Wanderer for future marketing cooperation. Long story short, I, your good brother, got you two free models of their latest ship, the Silent Dream!"

Lex was stunned. This was unexpected.

Powell laughed seeing Lex's expression, and seemed even happier.

"Come quickly! I've been waiting for you to come for so long! Thankfully you're here, so I can finally show them to you."

Powell practically dragged Lex to the back of the shop and brought him to a hangar. There were a number of ships parked, but none of them contained the same elegance as the Silent Wanderer. Though the reason for that was quickly explained.

Much like the Silent Wanderer, Silent dream could be stored in a special spatial container. Powell activated the container that looked like an arm band, and a massive ship appeared in front of him.

If the Silent Wanderer had been a corvette class ship, then this one was a Frigate. It was much larger, so it could contain not only hundreds if not thousands of people as well as a lot of cargo, but it was also greatly armored and had visible weapon components on its exterior.

Frigate class ships, while mainly designed for scouting and patrols purposes, could also take on offensive and defensive roles.

Sure, it lacked the stealth and speed of the Silent Wanderer, but the Silent Dream's purpose was also different. This was more suited for long voyages through space, or for exploratory purposes.

Lex turned to look at Powell, whose eyes were sparkling as he looked up at the ship.

"You said there were two of these?" he asked.

"Yes, yes. Actually, there were going to be more, but for that you would need to actively participate in marketing. With just two, you have no obligation to do anything. Havalier Industries just hopes that if you participate in any more interstellar warfare, you can record a few videos for marketing purposes."

"This is excellent. I'll happily take one, and I think you deserve to have the other." Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Powell was stunned, and looked at Lex in shock.

"No, no, this is yours, how could I…"

"Yes, it's mine. And I'm giving you one as a gift for helping me get such a good deal. Since it's mine, I can give it as a gift, right?"

"I… I guess," Powell said, trying to hide his own excitement. He was clearly a little awkward about this, but the fact that he liked the gift was enough for Lex. The emporium had been integral in his journey, so building better relations with Powell was not a bad idea. Moreover, it didn't cost him anything either.

"Now Powell, I'd like to stay and chat with you here about this, but I'm afraid I'm in a bit of a time crunch, as I usually am. The list of items I need this time are not easy, but I've brought an advance payment. Three drops of Mountain Milk."

Powell was startled, and then his eyes gleamed. How could he ever forget why he loved Lex so much? He was always a big spender.

"First, I need all the information you have on fairies. Secondly, I just came back from another realm, and I can't help but notice that the energy in this realm seems… polluted, for some reason. If you have any information about that, I'd like to purchase all related information. I need 1000 Fire tribulation embers. Oh, also, I need a comprehensive instruction manual about treasure manufacturing, formations, pill refinement…"

The list of things Lex needed this time was extremely extensive which was really troubling. But Powell wished he would face these kinds of troubles everyday!



Chapter 1098 Finally meeting

﻿﻿"Ten days?" Lex repeated, as he thought about the deadline. That was a lot longer than Lex was hoping to keep the Inn open. What if by then a Henali wanted to visit his new realm?

"It can't be helped," Powell said, feeling embarrassed. "The other items you've listed, while numerous, will take only a few days. But the Fire tribulation embers need to be collected freshly and stored in a special container. They will not last long once removed from the source, which is why we have none in store."

Besides the Fire tribulation embers, Lex had also asked for books and resources comprehensively explaining various cultivation concepts. This was not actually expensive, because Lex had a perpetual deal ongoing with the emporium, who were still providing him with Golden core techniques.

Frankly, there probably weren't enough Golden core techniques in existence to compensate Lex for the amount he was owed, so he just switched them from Golden core techniques to a much larger list of subjects.

Since he planned on shutting down the Inn for a long time, he wanted all possible knowledge he could need so that he wouldn't be left in need but without means. Personally, he could rely on Pel, but he didn't want to place all his eggs in one basket. Moreover, this would help the rest of his workers, not to mention that the Midnight Library still seemed incredibly bare, so it would help to fill that.

"Well, do what you can. I'll pay more if you can hurry up the delivery. I'll check in regularly."

Powell looked like he was struggling, but Lex didn't mind him. He had too many other things to do. Since there were, give or take, ten days that the Inn would be open, he immediately sent as many of his workers as he could to the Temple of Fasting to make best use of this time.

Meanwhile, Lex returned to the Inn and went over the document Powell had handed him regarding the spiritual energy purity. It seemed like this was common knowledge.

Spiritual energy purity was a double edged sword. As it turned out, it was functionally impossible to maintain an extremely high energy purity.

That did not mean that it could not be done, but that the costs outweigh the benefits of such a task. Moreover, having a high spiritual energy came with drawbacks as well. For example, all the beings born in the Midnight realm, at the moment, were naturally stronger than their peers from a more mature realm, such as the Origin realm. But consequently, it was that much harder for them to grow to a higher level.

This was exactly why, though Mythical beings were usually identified as the strongest beings in a realm, very few of them survived till the realm matured. This was because there would come a time they would lose the natural advantage they'd have as Mythical beings because their progress would slow down considerably when they reach the Heavenly immortal realm.

It was actually quite common that the first to reach the Celestial realm in a maturing realm was not a Mythical being, but a much more recently born being.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

At that point, even though a Mythical being maintained superiority within their realm, they would become disadvantaged against a superior enemy.

Moreover, heading towards some degree of impurity was the natural direction followed by the entire universe itself. Even the spiritual energy that Lex identified as exceptionally pure, was actually just a result of chaos energy becoming so impure it degraded in quality.

Acclimating to a slightly impure energy might be beneficial for cultivators, or else they would have a similar, or even stronger reaction than Lex did upon returning to the Origin realm.

Lex frowned as he continued to read the document. This document just discussed the commonly known knowledge that the emporium shared with Lex.

He intended to do some more research on it, as he felt like it might be worth looking into this. For example… if chaos energy was the superior form of spiritual energy, then considering his cultivation technique, Lex could adapt to even absorbing that! Would that make him stronger than cultivators who trained with spiritual energy?

He wanted to gather more information on this topic from the emporium, as well as consult Pel and possibly even Cassandra, and anyone else he could ask. He felt like there might be more to this matter than it appeared. Moreover, with a system available to him, he did not think it would be difficult to maintain the energy purity levels at all.

He could even ask Mary. Now that his authority was much higher, there was a good chance she could answer many of his questions.

Just as he was about to call on his ever helpful holographic assistant, Mary appeared in front of him on her own, this time wearing a Nascar driver costume.

"There are some guests here who want to talk to you," she said, as she summoned a projection of an F1 car for her to lean against.

"The Innkeeper hasn't officially returned yet. I'm not seeing anyone," Lex said.

"They're not here to see the Innkeeper. They're here to see you, Lex Williams. Hmm, maybe I shouldn't start with that. Your ancestors are here to see you. Considering that your ancestor looks just like you, and a lot of people have started to recognise you, they've more or less confirmed that you're here somewhere. Of course, it's up to you whether you want to meet with them or not."

On instinct Lex was about to dismiss them. He did not care much for the William family. But then he paused. His family issue was not one that was going to disappear overnight, and ignoring it wouldn't do anything either. Not to mention that he was much stronger now, and had more self confidence.

Of course, it was not to the level of facing his ancestor, who was apparently a Heavenly Immortal. But at the risk of decreasing his satisfaction rating a little more, he could always just eject the guy from the Inn and ban him.

It seemed like there wasn't any danger in facing him anymore, so he might as well just do it.

"Alright, tell them I'll meet with them. Who else is here besides William?"

It was a redundant question. He already knew the answer, since the moment he paid attention to them, he found out everything.

"It's just William and Jotun."



Chapter 1099 Bubbling anger

﻿﻿Lex really thought that he'd have felt a lot of emotions when he finally confronted his family members, but to be honest, he did not. The only thing he felt was a mild irritation, and a desire to get it over with.

Keeping that in mind, Lex directly teleported over to them. He did not prepare specially for the meeting. He did not don his suit. In fact, he didn't even maintain the illusion that kept his appearance from seeming older.

As nothing but a toddler wearing shorts and a T-shirt, Lex teleported over to the emperor as well as his ancestor.

They were at the Midnight manor, reading the guest registry, which had only just restarted working. A lot of names had been shuffled, but Lex's name remained right at the top.

Lex's sudden appearance was, of course, not unnoticed by the two, but for a moment they failed to realize that this was the person who they were looking for. But, besides his physique, Lex was not trying to hide anything so through blood resonance they immediately identified Lex.

"I hear you're looking for me," Lex said, his tone bland. Normally, Lex would be warm and enthusiastic, regardless of what the meeting was for, but at the moment he was really not in the mood.

"Are you... Lex?" William asked, hesitantly. "You look different from what I had imagined."𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"I hold no responsibility for your imagination," Lex answered simply. Okay so maybe he was slightly enjoying being bitter and unreasonable. Lex blamed his baby hormones for it entirely.

"Your bone age and soul age are different," Jotun commented insightfully. "Have you suffered some grave injury recently? Is that why you shifted to a new body? But no, the bloodline of this body is the same. Did you recreate your body? Or clone it?"

Lex resisted the urge to sigh. Normally, he would find some clever way to explain how he had become a meat patty and then healed back into human form, but as previously stated, he was not in a chatty mood. But he had to admit that Jotun seemed very knowledgeable, which only made sense considering he was the emperor to such a massive empire.

"How can I help you both?" Lex asked, instead of answering the question. "I am quite busy and have many things to do. I'd like to get this over with as quickly as possible"

It would not take a genius to identify that Lex was not exactly eager to talk to them which was not exactly a great start.

"There are actually a few things we want to talk to you about. How about we find somewhere private where we can talk?" William asked, and Lex just nodded, letting them lead him to a room they had booked.

Then an awkward silence fell in between them, though Lex wasn't the one feeling awkward. Finally, William was the one who broke the silence.

"We have not been properly introduced, so allow me to change that. My name is William, and this is my brother, Jotun. We have been trying to look for you for a long time."

"I'm Lex, but I guess you already knew that. Like I said, I've been busy, and I'm still quite busy."

"Clearly," William responded, ignoring the hint to speed up their conversation. "Do you have any idea about why we have been looking for you?"

"Well, I can venture a guess. Is it because you think being related to me gives you some kind of connection or leverage over me? I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but quite frankly, that does not mean much to me. If you think I can give you some perks at the Midnight Inn, then you're sorely mistaken."

"You're quite moody," Jotun commented once more. "Maybe your bone age and mental age are actually the same."

William could not help but chuckle while Lex only scoffed.

"Look I didn't come to you, you came to me. If you want something, get to the point. If not, I'm leaving. I am neither your subordinate nor do I have any obligation to sit here and just listen to your nonsense."

"Hey, hey, hey, we're getting to the point," Jotun said, waving his hand telling Lex to calm down. "Isn't it common to discuss a few random topics in any conversation? But forget it, I'll cut to the chase. We want to establish a relationship with you. I believe it will be mutually beneficial for us if we work together."

"What can you even offer me? And what can you possibly even hope to gain from me? I've told you, you will get no extra Inn benefits from me. Besides that, I don't see how I can help you."

Jotun glanced at William, who nodded and took over the conversation.

"Well, actually there are many things we can help each other with, even within our own private capacity. To start with… it seems like you have some… misunderstandings with your immediate family. Perhaps we can…"

"Misunderstandings? That's one way of phrasing being lied to my whole life as. I realize that I don't even know if anything those people told me is the truth at all. Did I even have sisters? Are those even my real parents? No, William, I have no interest in listening to explanations, especially from someone else. If Leon and Serene wished to clarify things, they had many years to do so. I am not interested in someone else coming in giving justifications on their behalf. If there's something else, you should mention it now. Or else, I think we're done here."

The ever calm Lex was no longer calm, as he let his anger get the better of him. An image of a sword reappeared in his eye after a long time, fueling his emotions even more, which was immediately spotted by Jotun and William both.

"I see," Jotun said carefully. "Well, there are still other things we can offer you. I will leave this here for you to check in your own time. Once you've had time to consider things, we can meet again."

Jotun placed an envelope on the table in front of Lex, and then stood up alongside William.

"We won't bother you more right now, though we hope that the next time we come, you can indulge us with one more meeting. Also… you might want to get that sword looked at. If you wish, I can help you with that as well."

Lex's anger, which was bubbling out of control, suddenly cooled down as he forced himself into the Flow state. It had been a while since he lost control of his emotions and let the sword take over. He had almost forgotten about it. Jotun's reminder immediately calmed him down, but perhaps their departure was for the best.

Lex only nodded, and put the envelope away before teleporting back to his meditation room. Understandably, his emotions were a mess. Slowly, he let go of his Flow state, and began to meditate.

Back in the Midnight manor, Jotun and William began discussing their plans among themselves. If Lex really had the bloodline mutation they suspected, then they had to build a good relationship with him.

This was best taken slowly, lest they mess up. Fortunately, William had anticipated the possibility that Lex might not be very receptive to them considering the unusual circumstances with his family, so this was not a real setback.

That envelope was just one of many plans he had made to build a good relationship between them.



