Chapter 1120 No need to suppose

Mary scoffed.

"Of course it will only take one key. What do you take the Midnight Inn for? But, that will only work if the planet is sentient and uses the key. You cannot have a planet that's not sentient as a guest."

"Okay, new question. What if the planet is in the process of being made a clone, but it's not quite there yet. Can I still bring it?"

Even as Lex asked that question, he removed the seal on his chest once more and began moving his hands in an unusual pattern, as if he was preparing something. The situation was bad, but hopefully it wasn't to the point where he would need to open his third seal.

It was not just that opening the seal would cause him to face a tribulation to enter the next level, but that the tribulation would most likely come immediately. So either he would have to fight while undergoing the tribulation, or wait for it to end first. Either way, it was less than ideal.

"That complicates the situation a little bit. Why don't you tell me the exact situation and I'll look for a solution," Mary said, looking troubled.

Lex explained the situation to her while continuing his odd movements. These strange, rhythmic movements of his limbs was something Lex came up with on his own while experimenting with his affinity. It was a tremendous help in doing something he wasn't technically supposed to be able to do.

"You look like someone doing a russian dance badly," Moon said, giggling. Although the situation was serious, though technically she couldn't sense the spatial anomalies so she didn't know the extent of it, she wasn't too worried.

Part of it was because she had basically spent her whole life a prisoner. Although she lived vicariously through her clone on earth, in reality she spent most of her life here, separated from everyone she cared for. As a result, she did not really care if she became someone else's prisoner. Effectively, nothing would change.

But mostly because she realized that if her brother had a way to get her out of here, if her situation was normal, then he had a way to get himself out as well. Since there was no real danger... well she took this opportunity to enjoy herself.

Lex's lip twitched. He knew exactly which dance she was talking about, because he had shown her a youtube video of someone doing a russian dance badly. It was not at all distracting to be made fun of while trying to save a planet from the clutches of evil immortals. He gave his younger sister a look which meant she had not changed at all. That made Moon giggle even more.

Outside Yildrim Utopia thirteen different portals were opening up, each at a different location around the planet. But, before they could fully form, a space bubble formed around the entire planet!

Lex grunted as he felt a majority of his spiritual energy suddenly drain, but the bubble held and did not disappear. The bubble was just a simple way of describing a spatial phenomenon where the space between two points was essentially cut out. Lex read about it and found it so interesting that he learnt how to do it. The problem was that he had never created such a big bubble before.

Not only was this a massive drain on his spiritual energy, the bubble would not last long either. That was because Lex had done something far beyond simple teleportation, or affecting space in a region where space itself was weak. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

This was a much more advanced form of simply putting a barrier around the entire planet, which in itself should have been too much for Lex considering that he was only in the Nascent realm. But using his affinity for laws, and his hand gestures which basically involved physically touching the laws around the region and tampering with them, he succeeded in doing something absolutely absurd.

When the thirteen portals opened and various figures stepped through, they discovered that the planet was actually outside their reach! Twelve of them were Earth immortals, though they were drastically stronger than the one Lex had fought. The thirteenth, while still being just an earth immortal, felt much stronger. Even all the way down on the planet, Lex could feel that the thirteenth one probably wasn't human.

"Unfortunately, Lex, since the cloning process isn't complete, the planet is just another object. Although guests can usually bring external objects with them, they cannot bring a planet with them, even if they own it."

"Damn it, fine. I'll figure out my own way," Lex cursed. He began to check if he could host a 'bring your planet to the Inn' event or something for planet owners, but the system seemed to be much more strict about bringing an entire planet, or basically any object that hosted a lot of life. Finding a loophole wasn't going to be so simple.

"How deeply are you connected to the planet?" Lex asked. "Are you connected to just a part of it, like the core or a continent, or the whole thing? Do you know if there's any way to reverse the process?"

Moon laughed.

"I am not connected to the planet Lex. That's just a simple way of explaining the situation. A majority of my soul has been dissolved into the planet. If that happened to a normal person, they would just die. But, since I'm special, my soul will slowly assimilate the planet. It cannot be reversed, though if you made my soul about as strong as an immortals, I suppose that would speed up the process. But I suppose…"

"No need to suppose," Lex interrupted her once more. "Strengthening your soul to the level of an immortal's sounds good enough. I have a friend who is good with souls. By the way, would you happen to know the grade of the highest quality spirit stone mine on this planet?"



Chapter 1121 Everything is going to be fine

﻿﻿"Highest quality spirit stone mine? Uh, yeah, I suppose," replied Moon, and tried to bring up a map, but none of her technology was working. She blushed, but pretended like she wasn't bothered by it.

"I can't pull up a map, but I can tell you where it is," she said.

"Excellent. Actually, just to be safe, how about you tell me the location of the top four spirit stone mines. You can just tell me their approximate distance and direction from where we are. I'll find them on my own," Lex said. He did not seem like he was in a rush, even though thirteen immortals were attacking the space bubble outside the planet. It would take them at least a few minutes to crack it, or find ways around it. That's if they were exceptionally strong. Otherwise, he had at least half an hour. That was more than enough time.

Moon, suppressing her confusion, gave Lex the directions he required before he just disappeared. One moment he was right in front of her, and the next he was gone.

Moon once again felt the connection between her and the formation that was supposed to protect her, but couldn't detect anything. So much for keeping her safe by hiding her on one planet and making sure she never goes anywhere else. All it had done was make her a sitting target.

She tried to muster up some anger, but all such emotions had left her long ago. She sighed, and her thoughts drifted towards her other siblings. All of them were in messed up situations one way or another. But before she could dwell on it too much, Lex reappeared. This time, he was wearing a smile, and looked satisfied.

"Hey Moon, want to go on a trip?" he asked. But instead of waiting for a reply, he held her hand and covered her body with his energy, making sure that it had support and wouldn't be hurt.

"What am I saying? Of course you want to go on a trip, but before that, let's see off your guests. No need to be rude."

He would have teleported both of them to the edge of the space bubble, but he didn't want to risk bringing her too far from the surface of the planet, so instead he opened a small portal that opened right at the edge of the bubble.

Through it, they could see out into space. More importantly, they were brought face to face with one of the guys trying to break through the space bubble. To Lex, the man was just another guy he would probably thoroughly thrash sometime in the future, but the guy clearly recognized Lex, and placed great importance on him!

"You know me?" Lex asked, surprised.

"Yes. You're Lex Dragonslayer, with a bounty of 32 2-star planets on your head offered by the Dragon King. Who doesn't know you?"

Moon's eyes dilated in shock, and Lex raised an eyebrow.

"32 entire planets? For me? Wow, that's pretty cool."

"That's if you're brought in dead. If you're brought in alive, the bounty is even larger," the man continued to explain. "But you don't need to worry. I am not here for the bounty. In fact, I can offer you refuge from the dragons, so long as you agree to join us. Your future can be very bright."

"Care to tell me who exactly is 'us'?" Lex asked.

"I can tell you everything, if you lower the barrier and let us in. If you're concerned about safety, I can swear a Dao oath that we will not act against you in any way. Even if you refuse to join, you will not be harmed. We will just talk in detail, and I can even bring you with me so you can see exactly how massive of an opportunity this is for you."

"Cool. And what about my sister?" he asked, pointing towards Moon.

"The saintess is your sister?" he repeated, shocked. But the immortal quickly gathered himself and responded.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"The saintess has been valued deeply by our superiors. She will have a superior position among our ranks, but we cannot let her be. She must join us."

"Ah, pity. In that case, I'll have to refuse. I'll be taking the saintess with me. Feel free to send assassins after me later on. I'll be joining the champions tourney, in case you need help finding me."

Without waiting for the immortal to respond, Lex closed the portal.

"Let's get out of here. By the way, I'm going to have to drain your planet's spirit stones just a bit. But I'll return them later, so don't worry."

With that said, Lex activated the formation he had laid around the planet. It was not the best he could do, not even close, but considering the time constraints they were under it was pretty decent.

The formation around the planet was an incomplete teleportation formation, anchored into the planet itself. Another reason he had created the bubble around the planet was to preserve the atmosphere around the planet once he teleports it away.

Unfortunately, even Lex could not casually teleport the planet anywhere he wished. But teleporting it away to a random location would make it impossible for others to follow or find them in a short period of time. That would be enough time for Lex to figure out how to take Yildirim Utopia back to the Midnight realm.

The formation had been built using exceptionally rare materials he brought out from the Midnight realm, and it would be powered by the planet's own spirit stone reserves, so it shouldn't be too much of a drain on Lex. Hypothetically. In theory. At least, according to all his studies. He hadn't really had time to verify his knowledge since he acquired it.

"Lex, why do I have a bad feeling about this? What are you doing?" Moon asked hesitantly.

"I'm not doing anything dangerous, relax. Everything is going to be fine. There's nothing to worry about."

He activated the formation, and the planet began to tremble.

"Does this count as you getting a body massage?" Lex asked as he looked at the quaking ground. Before Moon could respond, the entire planet disappeared.



Chapter 1122 Realistic Dream

Since the Henali portal had stopped operating, in part due to many AI that had joined the Fuegan, and in part due to the destruction of countless Connector planets, which basically acted as servers for the portal, the vast universe had once again become disconnected.

Besides a few major forces, which had their own independent means to communicate information across their territories, most places became isolated.

As a result, the hold of larger forces over their territories diminished. Star systems became more independent, which was both a good thing and a bad thing, depending on where one was.

But even so, there were still a few ways to transmit critically important information across the realm. The news may not reach every corner of the realm, but at least all significant planets and forces would get it.

For a while now, such means had only been used by the Henali to promote their numerous victories across the realm, as well as emphasize the upcoming tourney. But, for the first time, a different piece of news spread across the realm.

To be specific, it was just three sentences, since the means to spread news across the realm was not easy nor cheap.

Lex the dragonslayer had returned. He challenged the whole realm to face him in the Champions tourney, especially dragons. He then proceeded to kidnap a planet.

The credibility of this news was questionable, especially since no one knew where it came from and who spread it. But the vast majority of people did not care about credibility. They only cared about gossip, and there was plenty of that. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Per second, trillions of fan-fiction novels were being printed all focused on Lex the dragonslayer, taking on the universe. He was the underdog challenger, facing both the Henali and Fuegan, as well as dragons.

He was the under-appreciated heart throb, and he was the evil villain bent on destroying all life. He was fighting to save his sweetheart, and he was fighting for vengeance against those who had wronged him.

The stories about him were endless, but even the countless stories being printed about him each and every passing second failed to accurately judge his current predicament.

It was safe to say that Lex had not thoroughly planned out his move, though he did have a plan. He would kidnap the planet for a while, teleport Harry over to strengthen Moon's soul, while he himself went to the emporium to find a way to carry a planet with a person. Or, more realistically, ways to speed up the fusion.

With all the resources available to him, he did not doubt that he could accomplish this simple task.

Sure it would inconvenience the citizens of Yildrim Utopia for a few days, but ultimately it would turn out for the best.

There was only one problem with this plan. Technically, it was not even a problem but rather a chance for a problem to occur, maybe.

That was the fact that Lex did not have any nearby coordinates to teleport the planet to. But that was fine. Since he meant to hide the planet, teleporting somewhere random was good enough.

With how ridiculously vast and empty space was, chances were high that they would end up somewhere empty and far away from everything. That suited his needs perfectly. There was always the slim chance that he would appear near another star system, or some other celestial body of some sort. But even if that happened, Lex did not think it would be a big deal.

"Lex, I think I must be hallucinating," said Moon as she looked up at the sky. "Or I'm probably just dreaming. Yes, that makes sense. I'm dreaming. That would explain why you suddenly showed up, and a bunch of weird things started happening."

Lex did not respond.

"I mean, what are the chances that you found me, accidentally, without even knowing I was here? Just that on its own is impossible. Then the assassins, and my formation failing, and then you beating up an immortal - those things are all just ridiculous. Straight out of a cartoon."

Lex remained silent.

"Besides, how could you stop thirteen immortals from entering the planet? Not to mention have a bounty worth thirty-two planets! It's completely absurd."

Lex looked at his sister, and then back at the sky. He still did not speak.

Moon laughed as she began to actually convince herself that she was dreaming.

"Of course it's a dream. How else could you teleport an entire planet away? You're not even an immortal. It's ridiculous. Compared to all of that, watching a massive planet eat a star right in front of our eyes is actually a little believable."

She continued to laugh, expecting to wake up any moment. She looked left and right, wondering what other absurd things she would see in this dream.

"That's not a planet," Lex finally said, looking up at the sky. Of course he knew what that was. He had been studying the past fifteen years exactly so that he would not be caught lacking in knowledge, which is why he completely and thoroughly understood how screwed he really was.

"That, little sister, is called a World Eater, although that name does not do it justice since it ate an entire star. It also has another name that you might be familiar with."

The smile on Moon's face began to tighten. She wanted to believe this was all a dream, so why did it feel so real? Lifting her hand, which took quite a bit of energy, she poked Lex to see if he was real.

"In recent years, it has more recently been referred to as a Jorlam egg. It's the thing that gives birth to a Jorlam once it hatches."

Moon poked Lex again and watched as his skin softly bent under her touch. This was such a realistic dream. It had to be.

"Of course, there's no need to worry. It just ate, so chances are high that it's not interested in our tiny little planet."

What Moon could not see, because of her low level, was the dark entity moving against the backdrop of the empty space behind the World Eater. Or rather, entities. Each one was so big that Lex could not actually conceptualize how large it was. Perhaps the entire Midnight realm might not be big enough to fit one of those creatures.



Chapter 1123 Best bet

"Mary, I have a general information question for you," Lex asked as his gaze was stuck up into the dark sky. "What is the cultivation level of a Jorlam? Just, like, generally speaking."

"Across the whole universe, as a species, I'd say they're in the top ten, which is saying something considering they have no real allies and literally everyone just does their best to kill them as soon as they are discovered. The problem is they have no cultivation levels, just maturity levels. That means all they need to do to become Dao Lords is eat and grow up. I don't think there is any other race in the entire universe that has destroyed more realms than the Jorlam, all because they literally just ate the whole realm."

It was difficult to be sure, considering the scale of their bodies was something he was still trying to comprehend, but Lex felt like he counted at least three Jorlam besides the World Eater.

"Good to know, good to know. Anything else interesting about them? They're probably not into friendship bracelets, right?" Lex asked as he began to pull out various items from his spatial bangle.

This was exactly why he liked being locked up in the Midnight realm. Lex began to suspect that his real affinity was not for laws, but for attracting ridiculously powerful beings.

"Friendship bracelets? No, why would you- Lex... Lex have you run into a Jorlam?" Mary asked, even as her holographic avatar appeared on his shoulder. But since this was outside the Inn, she could not gain a lot of information. At most, her sight was similar to that of a mortal.

"No, no, not a Jorlam. More like three or four of them, and a World Eater."

Lex summoned an entire tank containing spirit elixir, which contained a lot more energy than spirit stones, followed by numerous Void stones and space crystals.

"Lex, if you're trying to teleport away, don't," Mary suddenly said. "You cannot compete with them when it comes to laws. If you try to teleport away, you will only attract their attention and chances are they'll stop you. Your best bet is to camouflage the energy readings of the planet and hope they ignore you."

"Best bet? I wouldn't say so." A hint of madness flashed in Lex's eyes.

Although this is not what he wanted to use it for, Lex had the Chamber of Rebirth prepared back in the Inn just in case he needed to use it for Moon. If the situation deteriorated rapidly, he'd just protect her soul, teleport it back to the Inn and fling it in the Chamber of Rebirth. As long as even a sliver of her soul remained, the chamber would be able to bring her back to life.

But that was only Lex's contingency plan. Now that he had himself in this dire, dare he say almost fatal, situation, he was actually quite calm. It was much easier to deal with this situation than suddenly being faced with his youngest sister, who was now biologically older than him.

"One last question. You said that Jorlam are in the top ten species in the universe. Does that mean they're still below the Sovereigns?"

"Naturally. Sovereigns are above the Cosmic Ascendance Spectrum. The universe itself bends to their whims. The only reason they don't rule all of existence is because, well, they rarely care about such things."

"Yes, that's what I thought. Hey system, would it be more impressive to receive a World Eater as a guest or as a worker?"

Lex heard a familiar sound, signifying a notification, but before he could look, Moon poked him again.

"Lex, you have that look on your face again. The one that makes me think I should stay far away from whatever you're about to do."

"Don't be ridiculous, Moon. I never do dangerous things. See, I'm preparing a formation that will hide the planet from view."

Lex teleported around the planet, bringing Moon with him as he set up the aforementioned formation.

But realistically, he doubted any formation he could conjure up could hide the planet from those monstrosities.

The World Eater, as massive as it was, moved at incomprehensible speeds. It had only barely finished swallowing a star, and it was already moving towards one of the planets that orbited it, ready to devour it once more. In a matter of minutes, it had already reached its nearest target.

Lex didn't even need his screaming instincts to know that it would be the turn of the planet he was on.

He planned on availing the turtle's help, hoping that it could somehow command the World Eater away. It was a foolish plan, but it was the best bet he currently had. Unfortunately, Yildirim Utopia had not yet been linked to the system, so he could not teleport others to it yet. Fortunately, he had already thought of a way around this conundrum.

"So Moon, while we wait, why don't you catch me up on everything? How did you end up on this planet? When did your soul get fused with it? That sort of thing."

Moon looked at her brother and couldn't decide whether the situation was hilarious or horrific.

"Is this really the time for that, Lex? I… I don't think your formation will hide us from the World Eater. Why don't you try teleporting the planet again? There are more spirit stone mines." 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Oh, I'll try teleportation if it comes to that," Lex said. "But I think that might not work out so well for us. But don't you worry, I have other plans. We're perfectly safe. Everything's fine."

Moon could not help but look at Lex oddly. A part of her still thought she was dreaming, and another part of her still thought that if the worst happened, Lex could still escape to the Inn.

"Then how about we calm the people of the planet down," she said, unwilling to broach the topic of her imprisonment? "They're probably extremely worried and confused."

"Yeah, I suppose that's something we should do," Lex said. "Make sure no one does anything drastic."

On the other side of the planet a wooden tavern appeared.



Chapter 1124 Not good

Moving the tavern from one world to another was always a bit of a hassle, since all his existing guests had to check out, lest they wake up in a new world. Fortunately, it was very easy for Lex to just plant an idea into their heads prompting them to leave the tavern for whatever reason.

The only good thing was that moving the tavern from planet to planet was very easy, so he could return to Azula any time he wanted, which he planned on doing soon. He was not yet done with the saga of the huntress, the alchemist and the few others he had been guiding.

The tavern was also mostly hassle free. It was like a hitchhiker, jumping from planet to planet as it desired, and all he really needed to go to a specific planet rather than a random one was an item belonging to that planet. Since he himself was literally standing on Yildirim Utopia, that was particularly easy.

So even though the planet was not connected to the Inn yet, the tavern showed up. Now, since the tavern was already on the planet, he could easily send any worker he desired from the Inn to work at the tavern. That, naturally, included the Galactic Sovereign turtle.

Using Remote Presence, he appeared in front of the turtle as the Innkeeper.

Over the past fifteen years the turtle had naturally grown larger and stronger, even if it had not really grown up mentally much. The number of random pets it had adopted had reached dozens, though Little Blue, who was now a little older and even more mischievous, clearly and openly declared itself the first, and therefore favorite, child.

But besides that, there was not much change. He supposed it made sense. To a being that had lived for over 2000 years, a mere 15 years was not a long time, and thus did not elicit much change. For Lex that was a good thing.

"Do you remember Lex?" he asked, appearing nonchalant.

"Oh dear, oh dear, how could I forget him? He is the little human who keeps eating everything I grow. Just because it has berry in its name does not mean it's meant to be eaten. But he is in his growing age. I suppose it is to be expected."

"As if you don't enjoy feeding others with the things you grow," the Innkeeper said. "Anyway, he has found an abandoned child that is being mistreated by some people. He thought you might want to save it, so he is waiting for you in the Origin realm.

Even in his mind Lex did not blush as he blatantly ignored the turtle's complaints, and dumped the whole Jorlam situation as a favor he was doing the turtle. In Lex's mind, the image of a completely jacked, extremely buff worker appeared. After suffering constant defeats in his pursuit to create the perfect art, the Gardener had given up gardening and taken a sabbatical to bodybuild instead. His art would now be displayed through his own muscles. Although Lex shared some of the blame for the Gardener's consistent heartbreak, the turtle deserved some of the blame as well. As such, he didn't mind making the turtle suffer a little as well. Not that he would actually suffer.

"Oh well. Might as well take a look at the situation," the turtle said as it stepped out of the massive lake covered in lotus flowers. Many had noticed that lotus flowers had suddenly started to bloom everywhere on Menara, but they didn't think much of it. After all, it was just a flower.

"Good. Let me send you to him. If you can, listen to some of Lex's advice. It's very important that we save the planet he is on. It has extremely fertile lands."

Without wasting any more time, the Innkeeper waved his hand and sent the turtle to Yildirim Utopia.

When the turtle appeared in the tavern, it was on the roof. The turtle's body was much too large to fit inside the building, so when it suddenly appeared atop the building, its round shape above the building made it look like a giant mushroom.

But since the star of this region had recently been eaten, the world was plagued with darkness, so no one could see the comical sight.

"Oh dear," the turtle said as it hopped off, and then took a deep whiff of the fresh air. "He was right, this really is a good planet. Maybe I can finally plant some berries."

When the turtle looked up it did not see the World Eater approaching, for he was on the other side of the planet, looking away from it. But even so, it could sense something amiss.

Lex and Moon teleported over, and though it was dark, they had no problem in finding the turtle.

"This is my friend I was telling you about. Turtle, this is my sister, Moon. I'd love for you two to get to know one another, but first how about we deal with the small issue we're facing."

It had been, perhaps a couple of minutes for the tavern to appear over and for Lex to send the turtle here, yet the World Eater had already gobbled up another planet.

Why was that thing so damn fast? Lex had imagined that something so large would be incredibly slow.

Lex brought the turtle back to Moon's palace, just in time for it to see the World Eater turning towards their planet. It seemed that the formations he had used really didn't work.

"You think you could talk to that big guy up there?" Lex asked, pointing towards the sky. He did not need to be accurate, for as the World Eater came closer, it took up more and more of the entire sky. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"Oh dear, the child is hurt. No wonder he is so anxious. But injury is no excuse for a poor diet. Let me talk to it."

The turtle began extending some green vines that emerged from its shell towards the sky. But as they rose up into the air, they began to dissipate, turning instead into sparking fragments that flew towards the World Eater.

"Oh dear, that's not good."



Chapter 1125 Horse and carriage

﻿﻿Moon could not help but look towards the massive turtle that had just teleported onto the planet. Despite its size, it somehow looked cute and the way it talked was just adorable. Despite the gravity of the situation, she could not help but admit that she was having fun.

She turned towards Lex and poked him in the cheek once more. He had been ignoring all her pokes, not that she could blame him for it. But the fact that he was here, in front of her, in person, was the greatest. It was also why she kept thinking this was a dream.

Although she had met her siblings and even her parents through her clones, it was not the same as meeting them in person. Not to mention that since the Henali portal was disrupted, she could no longer maintain a connection to her clones which were countless lightyears away.

So it was nice to have pleasant company once more. Funnily enough, Lex's young appearance actually reminded her of older times, when everything was better. It was why she never even questioned why he looked this way.

"What's wrong?" Lex asked the turtle.

"There seems to be a fight going on in the distance," the turtle said. "This little egg was injured during the fight, which is why he is in such a rush to feed."

Lex looked back up at the night sky, but could not make out anything, not in the least because the World Eater now took up a large portion of the sky. In the distance he could see the Jorlam, but he could not even tell if what he was looking at was their body, face, limb or anything else. There was no way for him to detect what was happening. If there was a fight, it was too far for him to sense in any way.

"Can you calm the egg down and stop it from eating this planet?" Lex asked, perfectly hiding his anxiety. It was as if the result made no difference to him at all.

"It is just an egg. It has not been born yet. Everything it is doing is based on its instincts. I just need to calm it down and it will react accordingly. Honestly, who treats a baby like this?"

Lex did not respond, lest he mention that this baby just ate a star for a snack. Or that it was twice the size of a star. Or that it was currently on its way to eat them.

The turtle continued to grumble as it launched evaporating, glittery vines into the sky towards the World Eater. The space bubble around the planet which trapped all the atmosphere and temperature of the planet was no obstacle to the turtle's glitter, and it approached the massive egg at remarkable speeds.

Even though the egg was gargantuan, he had no idea how it could give birth to something that would eventually grow to the size of the Jorlam. He could not even imagine what they were fighting. Were they, perhaps, fighting amongst one another?

"Can you put the egg into hibernation?" Lex asked.

"That is what I am trying to do. It is too wounded and needs proper treatment. Just eating won't let it heal."

Lex nodded, and finally got around to look at the notification he got earlier.

New Quest: Some dutiful workers need to be nurtured. Accept a World Eater as a bouncer for the Midnight Inn.

Quest time limit: 24 hours.

Quest Reward: Model Star system

Quest failure punishment: 100 million MP

Remarks: Are you remarkably intelligent or just plain dumb? We might soon find out.

The failure for punishment wasn't too bad. His most recent quests had very dastardly punishments for failure, not that he ever failed. More often than not, his quests had punishments lately. This trend would continue until he completely paid off the system for the questions he asked. Or until he reached some critical threshold.

"What's the situation?" he asked the turtle, considering that the World Eater was still coming closer, and had not slowed down at all.

"The fight in the distance is dangerous. I instructed the egg to protect this world, and to bring it away from this place."𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

As if to confirm exactly what the turtle said, white clouds emerged from around the World Eater and approached the planet. The clouds wrapped themselves around the planet, like a leash, and then the World Eater began to drag the planet behind it. It was surreal. Even Lex was stunned. But of everyone who saw the situation, he recovered the quickest.

"So, now that the situation is under control, why don't we find someplace nice to talk? I know you are worried about the people on your planet, but a single message sent to them through spirit sense will be enough to calm them down. How exactly did you end up like this? And who did this to you?"

While Lex questioned the deflective little Moon, in the distance the Jorlam continued their fight. Lex could not imagine what the monstrously large beings could even be fighting if not each other. But that was because he did not yet understand the limits of power immortals wielded. After attaining a certain level of power, the size of the enemy no longer mattered. Of course, the Jorlam were strong besides just their massive size.

"The World Eater is being kidnapped!" a Henali warrior yelled, one of his many eyes locked onto the planet that had tied up the World Eater like a horse to pull a carriage.

"Who is it?" another yelled angrily.

"I can see him! It's Lex the dragonslayer! The rumors are true. He has returned, and this time he is kidnapping a World Eater."

"Dammit we can't let him get away."

But try as they might, even the Celestial Henali soldiers were unable to break free of the Jorlam. This was not a fight that would end easily, nor would it end any time soon.



Chapter 1126 Stop changing the topic

﻿Lex and Moon sat together on the roof of her white palace, looking up at the World Eater, pulling their planet forward like a horse pulling forward a chariot. Even pulling the planet behind it, the World Eater moved at unbelievable speeds.

They were already far away from the Jorlam so that they were no longer visible. It had also replaced the space bubble Lex put around the planet with a forcefield of its own. This way, the planet and its residents were not affected by the speed at which they were moving, and the planet continued to remain safe.

A majority of the residents of the planet were not in good shape, though that was predictable. It's not everyday that their planet is kidnapped and then dragged through space. But the emergency response forces on this planet were truly well trained, and were preventing the situation from deteriorating too quickly.

Lex would get around to helping them, but first he was focused on his sister. She was very hesitant about recalling the past, but ultimately realized that it could not be avoided. But even then, she had not spoken yet. So the two of them just sat together in silence, and allowed their thoughts to wander.

"You look sad," Moon said, as she poked Lex once more in the cheek.

"A little, but you wouldn't understand why," Lex said.

"Try me. You know, I'm not exactly a little girl anymore."

Lex smiled weakly.

"How do I explain this? Well, I've been gone from the Origin realm for a while. For my return, I'd planned this huge event that would make me famous overnight. Not that I was planning on becoming famous. I just had to plan this major event that would have shocked a lot of people. But now… after all that planning… I think the impact of kidnapping a planet and… acquiring a World Eater will end up beating anything I had planned. Just feels like I wasted a lot of time."

Moon giggled. He was upset because he accidentally became more famous than he could have on purpose. These are the kinds of problems she also wished she had. But maybe, these were not the only problems he had - just the ones he was sharing.

It was a little strange. Meeting after all these years, they should have felt awkward or distant. But instead, they immediately returned to how they were with one another when they were kids. Considering the age gap between Moon and Lex, they shouldn't really have been friends growing up. Yet they were.

"Now it's your turn," he said, looking at little Moon. Technically speaking, Moon had not been her original name. But as a little girl she had been particularly enamored by the moon, buying every toy, poster and piece of merchandise she could find. One time she got the moon painted on her face during some kids birthday party, and since then everyone had started calling her little Moon. The name had stuck.

Thinking back to those times, Lex felt a little sad. Life was so

different back then. How had they gone from that to this.

Moon looked at him with hesitation, but Lex met her gaze.

Eventually, she sighed.

"I… actually I shouldn't be the one telling you this, but I

suppose at the same time, it fits that I am the one to tell you."

Moon sighed, and lifted her frail arm to grab the cup Lex had

given her. It contained some liquid Lex gave her which was

supposed to strengthen her. She had been drinking such stuff

all her life so she wasn't expecting much, but she was taken by

surprise when it immediately filled her with warmth.

"What is this stuff? It's amazing!" she said incredulously.

"It's juice. Moon, stop changing the topic. It's not going to

work."

Moon, who looked like a full fledged adult, if a slightly frail one

at that, looked at Lex, the one with the body of a teenager,

with the expression of being wronged. She was actually

interested in the liquid. But she relented.

"Mom and dad didn't really want to tell you because they

didn't… they didn't want you to feel like any of this was your

fault."

Lex did not say anything, and just waited for her to explain.

"I'll tell you what I know, but I don't know everything. It

started with dad, who had a unique physique that made him

especially good at using swords. He then met mom, who was

just a normal mortal back then, but she had a keen interest in

learning medicine because a lot of people in her village died

when she was young. But she was from earth, and in the old

days it really wasn't permitted for women to learn, or stray

out of the house even, yet she did so anyway. It caused her to

be shunned and exiled from her village… right up until a

plague came and they needed her help.

"That's when dad and mom met, and apparently dad really

liked her fighting spirit, so he taught her a form of body

cultivation. But mom had an inquisitive mind, so while she

cultivated, she also studied cultivation, and how and why it 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

affected the body. At least, that's what Belle told me. I'm

pretty sure there's more to it, because apparently over the

years mom became so knowledgeable about cultivation that

she convinced dad that he had cultivated incorrectly. He

restarted his cultivation from scratch under her supervision.

That's when the problems began."

Moon scratched her face and looked at Lex. Even now she was

postponing, but with how unreactive Lex was being, she had

no option but to continue explaining.

"Apparently, mom learned a lot about unique physiques as

well, and thought of a way she could nurture them. When

Belle was born, mom was able to prove her theory correct.

Belle was born with a strange physique that was especially

compatible with divine energy, which is what angels use. So

dad got her some angel blood, hoping she could absorb some

energy from it. Instead, she gained a bloodline that mimicked

an Angel's powers. That attracted grandfather's attention."



Chapter 1127 Filial grandson

Lex pursed his lips, but said nothing. Belle? An angel? He'd have been less surprised if he learned that she was a literal demon than hearing that.

"Dad had a fight with grandfather, who was already angry at him for restarting his cultivation, and even more angry at him for marrying mom. Grandpa said he'd come back and take Belle with him, to replace the loss dad inflicted on the family for giving up his cultivation. Around that time, mom was already expecting you. Afraid that grandfather might also want to take you away, they started to think of ways to hide you from him.

"But when you were born... your physique was a lot more special than mom and dad expected. Belle didn't tell me what it was, but apparently mom and dad were so scared of finding out that dad overexerted himself, nearly crippling his sword intent while trying to put inscriptions on you that would hide your physique. It worked, but as a result dad became extremely weak once more.

"Around that time, apparently grandfather sent a message to dad that if he could regain even half of what his strength used to be, he'd let him come back to the family. According to Belle, though, it was mostly because grandfather felt like she might be able to replace dad and follow in grandfather's footsteps of being able to take on the family head position. Even though at that point she was too young to cultivate, the potential of her physique could not be hidden.

"So... as a result, our parents calmed down a bit. After you Liz was born. She also had a physique, and apparently it was great, though not as good as yours. She even got an invitation from a school called Prima Ventura. Apparently it's the best cultivation academy in the universe or something. Even Belle didn't get into Prima Ventura, and had to go to a lower level one. Grandfather was very happy about all of that, though he still didn't know about you. Mum and dad still kept everything about you hidden. They were too afraid to let people find out about you.

"But things were fine. Mom and dad decided to keep you away from the cultivation world until they were strong enough to protect you themselves. Everything was getting better. Even dad was recovering well. Then, I was born."

Moon sighed, and for a long time didn't speak. She just looked down at her hands that held the cup containing the wonderful juice, and Lex didn't pressure her. It felt a little bitter learning about everything that had actually happened. It felt extremely bitter knowing that his parents had been trying to protect him all this while he thought they abandoned him.

But regardless of their intentions, he still felt abandoned. He still felt lied to. He still felt betrayed. He was not ready to forgive them, or even care about them. But this was not about him. Instead, it was about his little sister. By now, Lex could already predict who had done this to Moon. It was their grandfather. Lex was already thinking of the special dungeon he'd design for the man back in the Midnight Inn. A sick, twisted, greedy man who used his children and grandchildren for his own gains deserved no sympathy from Lex.

But before all of that, he wanted to hear all of Moon's story.

"Then I was born, and my physique was apparently much stronger than yours, and everything fell apart."

*****

Across the galaxy on the planet used by the William family as their main headquarters, Damian Arban William was sitting with a frown in his conference room. He'd been like this since he heard of Lex's return. Everything was almost perfect. His plan was a single step away from completion. Well, if he was being technically, just two steps away from completion. Kidnapping Moon and then using her body as the new vessel for the regent.

But then that stupid grandson of his returned and ruined everything. He was on the verge of greatness, and now it was all for naught. But it was fine. It was okay, he told himself, even if he didn't feel like it.

Damian was not a man who bet everything on a single chip, no matter how important it was. Although Moon had slipped from his hands at the last moment, he had thousands of liters of her blood and muscle tissue preserved. He'd have to settle for cloning her. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

A hologram appeared in front. Damian did not look at the hologram's face. No matter what he looked like, that did not change that he was a monster hidden underneath - a monster Damian had been working with.

"I heard you need an evacuation," the projection said.

"Yes. My filial grandson returned and kidnapped the vessel I had prepared for her majesty. I think my ancestor might kill me to appease him. I can no longer hold this position. It's too risky."

"This would be the third time your grandson has interfered with our plans. I feel like his future might not be so great once the regent hears about this."

"Jeffery, I don't have time for this. Arrange the evacuation. I've already initiated all the plans leading up to my departure. The Jotun empire will have their hands full, even more than they already were."

"Well, you did get me off earth in a timely manner. I suppose I should return the favor. I'll send someone over momentarily. Also, you didn't comment on your stance about your grandson. Someone has to be punished for this."

"Kill him. Kill all of them for all I care. That stupid son of mine and his family have been a pain in my neck for far too long, anyway. And to think, I had such high hopes for them."

A few moments later, a portal opened up right next to Damian, and he stepped through it. A few minutes after he exited, an explosion rocked the entire building he used to live in. As if setting off a chain, various other places around the planet began to explode.

While everyone tried to understand what was happening, a number of minor realms burst open, and a horde of insects invaded, most of them at the peak of the Nascent realm. The ones that weren't at the peak were already immortals.



Chapter 1128 Sandwich so good, it can make you fly

Lex kept his gaze steady, not letting his emotions show on his face. It was a surreal experience, listening to someone tell him about the events in his own life. Even though he was there for each event, he had no idea that any of it was happening. Everything had happened right in front of him, yet he never knew.

Not that he took any blame for it, or allowed himself to feel guilty. He was a kid, and a mortal besides. There was no way he could have seen through all the deception. But still, it made him question if all his good memories were even real. When had his sisters been replaced with clones? He didn't even know.

Going off to college and being away from his family must have made it easy for them to be replaced. Spending years away in New York while they were supposed to be in London also probably made it easy for them to do whatever they wished.

But Lex had always thought that he had decided to go off to college far away because he was going through his own phase of wanting personal space and creating his own life. But now, for all he knew, that was something his parents could have engineered without him ever knowing.

It was the kind of shadow puppeting he was always afraid the system would do to him. Maybe on a subconscious level he always knew it was happening, which is why he was also afraid of the system doing it to him. He didn't want to live through another lie.

But right now, this moment was not about him. It was about Moon. He observed his little sister as she displayed guilt on her face, as if her birth itself ruined the lives of her family. Yet as much as he wanted to console her, he also did not want to interrupt her, as he knew how hard it was for her to speak about this.

"I'm not sure what exactly happened," she continued. "Belle told me that dad tried to hide me the same way he hid you, that he tried to use the same inscriptions. But my body is different. No matter what they did, my body would just return to its normal. The inscriptions would fade. I could not be hidden, and no one knew how to stop it. Mom and Dad assumed that if dad was stronger he might have been able to use inscriptions that could work, but with him restarting his cultivation, and then being weakened again after hiding you, the little progress he made was already remarkable.

"Then grandfather came, and he instantly saw that there was something special about me. But the thing was, no one knew what my physique actually did. They just knew it was very special. Even before cultivating, I could absorb spiritual energy, and change it into something that could heal souls, so everyone thought that my physique had to do with souls.

"While we were trying to figure it out, someone in our family apparently underwent the tribulations to become immortal, but barely survived. His soul was damaged beyond repair, and was on the verge of dying despite surviving the tribulations. Apparently I was able to save him. I don't really remember, I was too young.

"After that, grandfather became obsessed. He said that with my physique our family could produce hundreds of earth immortals, and maybe even heaven immortals. My powers were too valuable.

"That's when he took me away, and started doing tests on me to figure out what my physique was. He drew blood and took countless tissue samples, but couldn't figure it out. But what we did learn as a result was that no matter how badly I'm hurt, as long as I'm alive, I'll recover in a few hours at most. Not to mention, even my blood could heal soul injuries. Something like that had never been seen."

Moon was smiling as she described her abilities, but tears were streaming down her eyes.

Lex was also silently astounded. The ability she was describing is one that he also had, but it was something he gained after a lot of cultivation and using numerous valuable treasures and going through endless unique experiences. The fact that Moon was born with it was absurd. He could not even imagine how his mother was able to produce such a physique for her children. Did she… did she have some kind of system too? A system that strengthened her kids somehow?

"We never did figure out the true extent of my physique, because one day grandfather forcibly raised my cultivation to the Golden core level using various treasures and spiritual fruits. Once I reached this level, he fused my soul with this planet.

"He told me it was for my protection. That this planet was very special, and that it would keep my soul alive, and this way there was no chance of someone ever kidnapping me - not that I had any say in this matter. Then he personally built all the protective formations around the planet so that nothing could ever hurt me.

"But what nobody would have guessed was that after my soul fused with my planet, my physique became even more active. The way my physique always healed my body, no matter what injury I suffered, it began to change the planet. But because my physique has always been active for the past few years, never resting, my body became weaker and weaker. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Grandfather told me that he found a solution to this problem, and that he was going to give me a surprise on my birthday. But, well, I don't know if he's going to be able to find me anymore. Not that I mind. This juice you gave me is probably better than anything he can find. Trust me, I've had almost everything you can imagine to strengthen the body."

Moon finally ended her speech, and smiled at Lex, as if to show him that she didn't mind her ordeals. But Lex just kept looking at her.

There were still many questions. For example, how come their parents just let her be fused to a planet? Though based on the trend of her story, they probably weren't strong enough to stop their grandfather from acting.

There was also the obvious question of why the formations stopped working if their grandfather made them personally.

The most… the question that Lex feared to ask the most was why Moon could say with certainty that no matter how badly she was hurt, she would heal. How badly had she been hurt?

But looking at his sister's smile so convincingly, Lex, who had no trouble forcing himself to walk through hell and high water as long as it served his needs, found himself unable to ask those questions.

Instead, he produced a small fruit he found in the Midnight realm. It looked like a lychee, which was a fruit he recalled Moon used to love.

"Here, try this," he said, peeling the prickly skin of the fruit.

"What about my story made you think I was hungry?" she asked, laughing. But she took the fruit from him and plopped it in her mouth. Then her expression morphed into shock as she was overwhelmed by its amazing flavor!

There was also the fact that it instantly spread warmth through her body and filled her with strength that even the juice had failed to deliver, but she was mostly focused on the flavor.

"What is that? How can it be so good?"

"It's just a random fruit. Here, try this," Lex said, pulling out a sandwich. This sandwich was the culmination of fifteen years of Kenta's training. It was actually good enough for Lex to have ordered a few to take along with him.

Moon, no longer hesitating, grabbed the sandwich from his hand and bit into it. Despite how it looked, the sandwich was incredibly soft, and she easily broke off. A surge of energy filled her body and before Moon knew it she was… she was floating!

"Ahhhh! What's happening?" she screamed, alarmed.

"The sandwich is so good it can make you fly," Lex said with a smirk. "Or at least that's what the cook said. In actuality, one of the ingredients is a plant that has odd effects on gravity. Come on, finish up the sandwich and then give me a tour of your planet. I bet you haven't given anyone a flying tour before. Well, at least one where you are flying yourself."

Lex stepped into the air as well, and accompanied his sister who was suddenly excited at the sudden ability to fly. He did not let her sense his seething anger at all, and instead kept the mood light, and talked of other things. Since Moon herself was keen on avoiding this topic, it was easy enough.

But soon, very soon, Lex would let a lot of people feel his anger in great detail.



Chapter 1129 Stupid, unknown warbringer

The acolyte woke up covered in cold sweats, his mind aflutter with the memories of what he just dreamed, trying to hold onto them as they slipped from memory. He saw a sword, deadly beyond measure. He saw a dragon king that was not a dragon. He saw a war between worlds - not between races that lived on those worlds, but two actual worlds themselves. He saw a rain of lightning. He saw chaos, and confusion. He saw things he could not understand, and he saw things he could not have imagined, and amidst it all, he saw a wooden tavern that provided excellent room service.

For a few moments the acolyte tried to recall what connected all these flashes in his dreams, but the thoughts slipped from his mind. He could not remember.

The acolyte sighed, and then removed himself from the warm embrace of his blanket. He wanted to go wash up since his whole body was sticky with sweat. But he only took a few steps before he paused, and something attracted his attention. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

In a notebook beside his bed, he had entered a few scribbles. He didn't recall doing that, so it must have been during his sleep. He picked up the red, leather notebook and read the lines that were barely legible.

The time is nigh. The warbringer is going to war.

The acolyte groaned and put the book down. Ever since this accursed warbringer came into his life, he had not been able to divine for another person at all. It was as if all his divination skills were thoroughly pointed only towards this warbringer.

That could have been a great opportunity if he knew who the warbringer was and actually became his dedicated diviner. But since he didn't, there wasn't much he could do.

The acolyte left the room, unaware that in his drowsy state he ignored the smudges in front of the two sentences that had been written. It was as if something had been erased.

*****

Lex completely locked away his anger. He was more than capable of that. Instead, he spent his time with Moon. Due to her weakness, she spent most of her time the last couple of years sleeping. Even when she was awake, there was very little she could actually do before she became exhausted.

Now that she suddenly felt energized, there were many things she wanted to do. She flew with Lex, showing him her lake and her countless pets. She took him to a nearby village, which existed solely to maintain the surrounding areas and constantly check up on the palace.

Even if Moon preferred solitude, she could not be completely alone due to her weak state. As a result, a caretaker would visit the palace everyday at a fixed time to check up on her.

Of course, at the moment the village was in chaos - not because the planet had been kidnapped, the sun was eaten by a massive roaming planet thing that then later lassoed their planet and began dragging them along.

Instead it was because the saintess was up and about, finally recovering from whatever illness kept her so weak for so long. The planet had not always been a Utopia. It was the saintess who had made that happen, which is why she was deeply loved by the people.

Of course, there were 14 people in the village who harbored ill intentions towards Moon. Lex sensed them right away, and guessed that they might have something to do with the assassination attempt on Moon as well as the formation failing.

No one in the village noticed how or when those people disappeared. No one even remembered them. It was as if the very memory of them had been erased from their minds.

Of course evidence of their existence could not be erased, but everyone in the village was too preoccupied anyway to focus on such things.

They were also amazed to meet the saintess' brother, who was both friendly and young, yet had such a powerful aura.

After they were done with the village, Moon took him to the district capital, from where she ruled over the planet. Even though the sun was gone, everything was still functioning, so from the capital she reassured her people that they were still safe, and that things would soon return to normal.

But at that point, she started to get drowsy once more, so Lex teleported her back to her palace so she could get back in her hammock. Even then, Moon talked with Lex until she eventually dozed off.

Lex did not leave once she was sleeping. Instead, he laid back and thought about various things.

Moon had hinted at the fact that both Belle and Liz weren't exactly having the time of their lives either. He hadn't asked yet, but he'd need to ask sooner or later. Once this planet was linked to the Inn, Lex would be able to teleport freely so he could go find a way for Moon to bring the planet with her where she went.

It sounded like an absurd thing to say, but Lex had seen enough absurdity to know that anything was possible. He also needed to find ways to increase her cultivation level. The reason why she was so frail was because of the level difference between her and the planet, but if she was able to reach the immortal realm, fusing with a planet would not be tough at all.

Not to mention, Moon told him that due to her unique physique, she did not need to worry about having a poor foundation. No matter how she cultivated, her physique would optimize her condition on its own. Basically, she was on the best cultivation path she could ever actually walk, so even if he took some drastic measures, the results would ultimately be optimal.

He had to do all of this soon, as the preliminaries for the Champions tourney were about to begin. Originally there were supposed to be four more years, Origin realm time, till that happened. But the timeline had been brought forward after the discovery of the Jorlam for some reason.

Lex could participate through the token given to himself, as well as through the one the Innkeeper had gotten. But since he did not want to bring the Innkeeper to light these days, he'd use his own token.

After all, in his years of operating the tavern, he'd learned a lot about the tourney, and it was there that he would find the perfect opportunity to become an immortal.



