Chapter 990 Sudden Invasion

﻿﻿It was yet to be determined if getting some kids to help calm down other kids would result in absolute total chaos, or if it would help to a degree. Well, he would personally intervene if the situation got out of hand. But that meant this was one more area he'd need to keep his attention focused on.

He was just about reaching his limit on multitasking at this point. But he persisted. This was a critical period for the Inn. He could not afford to make any mistakes right now.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

For the next few hours, Lex continued to handle many small and big crises and kept cropping up. But fortunately, as time went by, more and more workers began to wake up. Almost all of them had reached the Golden core realm by now, which greatly boosted their strength and capabilities.

That also, automatically, placed them near the peak of the entire realm. That automatically ensured their safety, to a point. Besides that, though they had not spent a lot of time training at the temple, they at least began brushing up on the basics of combat.

This assured Lex that they would be able to face any and all challenges brought about by the random animals in this realm.

Once they began soothing the many newborn, and brought the situation somewhat under control, Lex finally felt like he could go out and begin scouring his territory now. He had little over nine days left, before he lost the Host Attire. He had to make the best of his opportunity.

"John, I'd like to continue helping you out," said Lex in his meditation room. This entire time, Lex had been helping John communicate with the soul inside the dragon, who had been named Pelvaillin Jr.

"But I have received another task from the Innkeeper. Will you be alright on your own? I'll be gone for a while?"

"Yes, don't worry. I won't need your help again until it's time to send the technique to junior. Now I just need to continue studying to finish up my technique."

Lex nodded, and then disappeared. He was ready to begin his search. He had even narrowed down his starting point. But that is when something went amiss.

The entrance to one of the Minor realms that had not yet been discovered by his guests burst open, resulting in a massive explosion. A small crater formed around an open portal, which was fidgeting as if on the verge of collapse.

Lex raised an eyebrow. This was highly unusual, for the Minor realms should have been extremely stable. The only possible answer he could think of was that the entrance was forcibly opened by someone from the other side.

But the Minor realm had not been explored yet. Who could be on the other side?

The answer arrived before long. A legion of heavily armored bipedal creatures marched out of the portal in a highly organized fashion.

They immediately spread out and began scouring the surroundings, looking to secure the location as more and more of their kind emerged.

Lex frowned. Was he facing an invasion? This was not good, even if none of the emerging creatures were particularly strong. They were all in the Qi training realm, with a few in the Foundation realm. But their numbers kept growing, and soon the soldiers were followed by machines and vehicles of war.

Fortunately, this happened in one of the realms far away from his settlements so there was no damage caused, but he could not overlook something like this.

Just as he was thinking about how to handle the situation without unnecessary bloodshed, some more important figures emerged from the portal.

"This is truly a paradise," one of them said as they stepped out. "Like we suspected, this is a blessing from the Holy Emperor. Virgin lands for the expansion of the empire. And to think, such a place would have remained undiscovered if there hadn't been that recent flood of vital energy. What do you think, Dr. Narin?"

"It's too soon to declare this a paradise. We have yet to ascertain the dangers here. Stop acting like we've already won, and begin securing the area. I do not plan on dying because of your lax security."

"Fret not, doctor. There are no threats in the universe that can stand the might of the empire."

Lex stopped listening as he realized something. The energy from the new realm had entered all the Minor realms as well. Not only did that mean that the Minor realms would undergo a change, but if any civilizations existed within, then it was completely plausible that those civilizations would try to find a means to escape.

His mind went to the hundreds of thousands of Minor realms left unexplored, and he began to develop a small headache. This was going to be tedious.

He looked at the new emerging army once more. No matter what, he was not cool with some random people blasting his territory and trying to expand their empire. But at the same time, he didn't want to waste time on dealing with them himself.

He would send Luthor with some instructions to deal with them later. Within their realm they could do whatever they wanted, but out here they had to obey his rules. If they had an issue with that, then Lex had no intention of being shy with his power. After all, they were the ones who showed up with an army first.

But while he dismissed them, for now, he had to delay his departure nonetheless. He had to start checking all the Minor realms, starting with the ones which had their entrance in Immortal Bastion.

He didn't want to face any more unexpected invasion. Of the many problems he had anticipated, an army coming out of the Minor realms was not one of them. Fortunately, Minor realms could not usually support very strong beings, so it was not too much of an issue.

But with the energy from the new realm, that might change.



Chapter 991 Moral dilemmas

The Minor realms within the Inn presented Lex with a tricky predicament. They had completely fused with the Inn, as was apparent from the fact that they traveled from the Origin realm to the new Midnight realm.

He could also place their entrances freely as he wished. Even actually inside the realms, he felt like he'd gain complete control sooner or later. For the empty realms, he saw no issue in doing as he pleased. But for the Minor realms that had civilizations, such as the one that had so boldly attempted to invade the Inn, Lex felt like he was in an awkward situation.

Even if he wanted to ignore it, and treat it as if it wasn't his responsibility, the knowledge that the entire world for countless living beings was under his control made him feel… strangely uncomfortable, and burdened.

This was something he needed to come to terms with quickly. When he started the Inn, Lex knew for a fact that he would come across countless people who might need his help. He did not mind doing charity, honestly speaking, but he mentally prepared himself to keep the mindset that he could not help everyone he came across.

Maybe someone more philanthropic would make a greater effort than he had, but he firmly set this boundary for himself. Having said that, he did not stop himself from helping others when he wanted to. He just didn't take the entire burden of their existence upon himself.

Now, however, whether he wanted it or not, the control over their entire existence had been placed in his hands. He knew that, eventually, he'd have to face this situation as the Inn's influence across the Midnight realm grew. But suddenly knowing some kind of control over a realm with an entire empire was in his hands made him face the situation much sooner.

He was more than happy to just leave them be as long as they stay within their realm and don't break the rules of his Inn outside his realm.

But, hypothetically, if this empire was committing countless atrocities within their realm, should Lex intervene? If he did, how much should he intervene? Say, for example, he deposed the emperor, would the responsibility of setting up a new form of government fall on to his shoulders? T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

What if he removed a tyrant, but the fall out from that led to much worse consequences within that realm?

These were… heavy questions. A part of him wanted to avoid them. After all, he'd lose access to the Host Attire in 10 days anyway. At that point, even if he wanted to, he couldn't do anything.

But running away from his problems was something he had been trying to avoid. After some consideration, Lex did not rush to an answer. He gave himself five days to think it over before he did anything.

In the meantime, he looked over for any impending invasions within the Minor realms at Bastion. Moral or not, he would not be tolerating any threats to the Inn.

He began by checking in on the refugees from Earth.

They were… not exactly flourishing. They had taken to forming a few different settlements, and made progress in housing, farming and animal husbandry. Small towns were forming. But it was also apparent at a glance that many were suffering from severe depression.

Well, it's not like he could blame them. They went from living lives on earth with all its luxuries, however difficult it was, to now basically being refugees. One could imagine someone who used to make a lot of money as a software developer watering crops and daydreaming about what his life used to be like.

But that was none of his concern for the moment. Maybe he'd do something for them when he himself wasn't so burdened. Next he checked up on the realm that the Jotun empire was overseeing.

Despite the fact that they had been cut off from the empire for so long, they had developed the realm incredibly well, and established their own manufacturing and production chain with the local resources. They had developed an entire city around the entrance of the realm, and a massive fort around the inheritance tower.

Lex suddenly felt bad for the guys stuck here. It would be a while before they returned to the empire. But, for the jotun empire itself, it would not feel as long.

Then he moved on. Although he really didn't need to, he checked in on the realm where the Inn staff were building their own community. It did not surprise him at all that they mimicked the Inn heavily in their construction style. But in general they were doing fine, and there seemed to be no threat of some unexpected invasion from beasts or something.

One by one he checked the countless realms. Many of them had undergone drastic changes, with not just the flora and fauna affected by the influx of energy, but the land as well. But fortunately, there were no signs of any threats.

Still, he'd have to assign a worker to check up on the realms regularly. As for the rest of the realms… even if he wanted to, he could not manually check over 100,000 Minor realms, so he just moved them slightly farther away from his settlements.

He gave one last look to the invading army, who had attracted the ire of a nearby beast. Even though the beast was just in the Foundation realm, its body was extremely tough, which meant that they were having a hard time eliminating it.

Yeah, Luthor would have no trouble 'negotiating' with them. Honestly, even Fredrich could probably handle it, but he knew that Luthor would enjoy it more.

Lex scanned the Inn one more time, and things seemed to be calm, so then he turned his attention to the most urgent matter: getting his hands on some goods.

He teleported away, and reappeared at the base of the largest Spirit crystal mountain within his territory. Deep underneath the mountain, Lex could sense something which was probably very valuable.



Chapter 992 Mountain milk

The spirit crystal mountains were a magnificent sight. Though there was dirt and various kinds of vegetation covering the mountains, the clear crystals were visible prominently from every corner.

If you looked deep within the crystal, you would only see a distant darkness, but on surface level it was a mesmerizing sight, nevertheless. The energy concentration here was also extremely high. It was to the point where Lex was almost certain even a normal Foundation realm cultivator would not be able to tolerate it.

Heck, even Lex himself felt slightly uncomfortable so close to the mountain - or he would, if he removed the Host Attire. The air was 'thick' almost, and the wind had a texture which was something he could not wrap his head around.

But that hardly mattered. This entire mountain, and everything on it, including even the dirt, was extremely valuable. The grass growing here was almost transparent, with only the lightest green hue, but was better and more valuable than natural treasures that grew in other places.

These were extremely premium goods, and one would need to be at the very least in the Golden core realm to tolerate them. For example, if tea was made using these grass leaves, then traditional Foundation realm cultivators would explode upon drinking them.

Of course, this was only Lex's own analysis based on his knowledge. It would take proper study to explore the benefits and limits of just this grass alone, not to mention the trees, fruits and vegetables found growing on this mountain. Heck, Lex was pretty certain that if he took a handful of the dirt here and auctioned it at the Infinity Emporium, it would sell for an immense amount.

But that did not matter to Lex. Why would he need money now that he had literal mountains of spirit stones? No, what he needed now was much more valuable.

He teleported away, and reappeared around 1600 feet (500 meters) below the mountain in a small, underground cavern.

The cavern, though naturally formed, had an unusual shape in that it was a long, narrow corridor that moved in a spiraling pattern towards the center. For the first time ever, Lex felt like he was being exposed to one of the characters he used to make arrays in nature.

Although Lex had seen these characters used in architecture, he had never been able to find them in nature, which is where they're supposed to exist. In fact, they're supposed to be so common that they exist in everything he has ever seen or touched. But, for whatever reason, Lex had never found them - until now. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Instead of appearing directly in the middle, Lex appeared at the beginning of the cavern and walked its length. With the Host Attire on, he was not worried about getting stuck in some kind of trap.

Instead, he tried to study the character, and try and guess what meaning it was associated with. There was a small puddle of spirit elixir on the ground that he was walking above - it would be a shame if he dipped his shoes in something so valuable.

Strangely, Lex encountered no obstacle. Perhaps if he had not been wearing the suit he would have, but he was not interested in experimenting at the moment. When he reached the end of the spiral, he found a naturally formed bowl made entirely of diamond, filled to the brim with a milky liquid.

Right above it was a crystal stalactite extending down from the roof of the cavern, all the way down till it nearly touched the liquid in the bowl. If anyone else were to come here they would have no way of knowing, but Lex knew that this bowl was directly under the very peak of the mountain above it.

A warm, yellow glow filled the stalactite, as if carrying light from the very tip all the way down to these dark tunnels, and on its very tip, the light seemed to condense into a liquid. A drop was still forming on the tip, and eventually it would fall into the bowl.

Lex's body, which had grown tremendously strong during his training at the temple, began to react towards the liquid. His instincts woke up, and were causing him to crave the liquid as if he were on the verge of dying from thirst, and had encountered a heavenly oasis. Its scent, so pleasant and subtle, enticed him to take just a sip.

But as appealing as it was, this was not Lex's primary goal, though he did plan on taking some with him when he departed.

His goal was something hidden within the pool of milky elixir. Using his spirit sense, since he didn't want to accidentally spill some of the elixir if he used his hand, he reached into the bowl and took hold of a small, intricately designed necklace that seemed to have formed naturally.

Even the string around it was made from metal he did not recognize, but gave off a profound aura - as if it were the most valuable thing in the world.

"Milk of the mountain," Mary muttered in awe, as she appeared on his shoulder. "This is good stuff. But I don't recommend you have more than a drop of it before you become an immortal. How much of this you can absorb is limited, and it would be too wasteful to have it now."

"I'll keep that in mind," Lex nodded as he began to lift the necklace. It was surprisingly heavy, straining him.

"Can you… can you set aside a drop for me as well? To create my body, I mean."

"No problem," he replied. "This is only the second item you've asked for to create your body with. Just how high quality is the body you're trying to make?"

"It's not about high quality," she answered, with a hint of melancholy in her voice. "If I want to recreate a body from my original race, this is just the bare minimum of what I'll need. Even if I succeed, the body will probably be akin to the one I had as a child, at most. Probably not even that, if I'm being realistic."

"What- what was your actual race?" Lex asked, stunned. It never occurred to him that she wasn't human.

"I was a Celestial."



Chapter 993 Treasure hunting

﻿﻿Lex was slightly taken aback by the revelation, though a part of him was relieved that at least Mary was humanoid. What if her original race had been some kind of spider? That would have been creepy.

"So you want to recreate a Celestial body?" he asked, while still mainly focusing on pulling out the necklace.

"That's not possible, at least with your current realm. To do that, my newborn body would have to be at the minimum in the Celestial realm, as you call it. No, I'm just trying to recreate a body that has the potential to grow back into that. While I cannot recreate a body with that minimum cultivation level, I can create one that has the same potential and talent, if not somewhat greater, of a newborn Celestial. That way I have the hope of returning to my peak one day."

"Any tips for me, as a former Celestial?" he asked, almost joking. He knew she was severely limited in what she could do.

"The only relevant advice I can give you right now is not to underestimate the Mythical beings of this realm," she said, very seriously. "Although they will be limited by their cultivation realm, their bodies and their abilities should absolutely not be underestimated. They are called Mythical for a reason. There is a reason why they are the ones who leave behind legends."

Lex nodded. But at that point he finally pulled out the necklace from the bowl, causing the milky liquid to recede from the absolute tip of the bowl.

He felt a tinge of nervousness as he reached out to grab it. It seemed like too much to hope that the first item he searched for would be useful for the system, but he still could not help but hope.

Unfortunately, it was as he expected. Even when he grabbed the necklace, which was surprisingly heavy, there was no notification from the system.

Suppressing his disappointment, he added the necklace to the gift shop for one second to learn about it.

Item: Necklace of Wakha

Description: Condensed out of the mountain milk of a spirit stone mountain, this necklace embodies the law of Stalwart. The wearer gains the defense of a mountain, and their body is slowly nurtured by the necklace.

The description was surprisingly short, and to the point. But it was probably extremely potent. The necklace, made of pure crystal, looked a little too beautiful for Lex to comfortably wear himself. It seemed like it would suit a lady more, but at the same time, he was not about to pass it on to anyone else before trying out the effects himself.

He put the necklace on, and immediately felt the strain of it on his neck. It was fortunate that his body was extremely strong, or else he might develop a stiff neck.

With a ring on his finger that contained Pelvaillin, a spatial bangle on his wrist and now a necklace, Lex was slowly accumulating a lot of jewelry. He never imagined himself the type, but here he was.

He put away the random thoughts and collected two drops of the milky liquid in a special jade container - one for himself and one for Mary. Then he teleported away. He had many other places to visit.

The next place he appeared in did not originally have any space, so he had to use his Host Attire to push away the surrounding rocks to create some room for himself. He had teleported to an ore vein that caught his attention earlier. It was glowing green, kind of like what he imagined uranium would be like as a child. He was not sure what it actually was, but the fact that he was not being assaulted by radiation was nice.

Using his Host Attire, he pulled out the metal from its ore, instantly purifying it in a way that was ordinarily impossible, and grabbed it. Unfortunately, it too did not elicit any reaction from the system.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Once again, he put it in the Gift shop and learned that it was a relatively brittle metal, but one that was an excellent spirit energy conductor. Perhaps it could be used to make some kind of useful alloy. A good engineer or weapon manufacturer could find a good use for it. As it was, he saw no immediate personal benefit he could gain from it so he left it in the Gift shop for the price of 1 million MP per gram. Even if he did not see the value in it did not mean it was worthless. After all, everything in this new realm was extremely rare.

The next place he teleported to was a small pond on an island surrounded by a lake. There were countless strong beasts patrolling the island, as if they were guards keeping an eye out for intruders.

But the strange, metallic liquid that made up the pond still did not give any reaction, though Lex soon found out that it was not a liquid, but a collection of countless microscopic parasites that were controlling every living being in the vicinity.

He was tempted to destroy the pool for a moment, but then decided against it. Until he gained a better understanding of the food chain and many intricate environmental systems in the Midnight realm, it was best he avoided making any drastic changes.

Like this, Lex continued to teleport to countless places of interest across his new territory. As demoralizing as it was not to get a single reaction from the system, he somewhat expected it. After all, how could items and materials that the system needed be easy to find?

Along the way, at the very least, Lex began to collect countless valuable treasures that would drive ordinary people insane. From fruits that could regrow limbs, to elixirs that could turn a mortal into a cultivator instantly, to life saving and even life threatening treasures, he gathered many.

But, over the period of the first 18 hours, he still did not find anything that could help the system recover. He was starting to get concerned, but the system itself had stated that the chances of something in the new realm being able to help it recover were high, so he was not ready to give up so easily.

He returned to the Inn to get some rest and analyze his approach and come up with better ideas. It did not help that, for whatever reason, in this new realm, he was getting exhausted quicker.



Chapter 994 Sweet, evil potatoes

When Lex returned, the Inn had calmed down considerably. A part of it was because, after hours of consistent playing, the kids had become exhausted. They returned to their parents to sleep and get some rest. Jimmy and his friends had also contributed greatly to the cause, though more of that had to do with sharing the incentive of 'sea peacocks' with other kids than anything else.

There had been some confrontation amongst the kids as well. Peacock warriors, which was once the largest group among the kids, had suffered somewhat of a decline after the sudden disappearance of their leader, Layla. Jimmy had been reluctant to declare himself the new leader, though effectively that's what happened regardless.

A result of that decline was that the groups formed by other kids felt braver to confront them. Tensions did not break out into fights. They were, after all, just kids. Instead, territories in the daycare/spaceship were traded. The peacock warriors agreed to stay out of the hangers for smaller ships, a massive sacrifice.

All of this helped calm things down. So did the fact that, after so many hours, many parents also woke up from their cultivation sessions.

For now, only the weakest of the group had woken up. The same was true for the workers. But nevertheless, the Inn was once again at peace. In fact, stating that the Inn was livelier than it was back in the Origin realm would be a more accurate description.

The adults and the older kids were all filled with excitement, and discussed the few moments they'd managed to observe from the platform above the realm. They also compared their improvements, and excitedly explored the new Inn.

Even with the same layout, it was obvious to all that the Inn had changed tremendously. After all, if nothing else, then there definitely was not a group of singing daisies plating themselves in the greenbelt beside Main street.

The flowers had newly gained sentience, and apparently could only communicate through song.

The sun was brighter, the air was clearer, the grass was greener, and measuring oneself on the weighing scale had suddenly become redundant, freeing everyone from their worries after a brief bout of panic.

In short, life was good and the Inn was better.

Lex, feeling pleased with the progress, decided to take a nap for a couple of hours. Perhaps the real reason he had gotten so tired so quickly was the massive deluge of information still flooding his brain.

Something interesting he learned was that this realm was continuous. Unlike the Crystal realm, which was flat, the Midnight realm had no borders. At the same time, it was not round either. Through a strange manipulation of space, it just became one neverending existence. That meant that if he kept walking in one direction, eventually, he'd arrive right back where he started. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

As strange as it was to try and understand that concept without visualizing a round world, that's what was happening.

Another strange thing was that in this realm, strawberries existed. That in itself was not strange - the strange part was that strawberries are a savage, carnivorous tribe of flora that constantly waged war and were responsible for the extinction of many races. They were extremely vicious. But they retained the same size they had on earth, which made them even more dangerous somehow.

Lex, feeling the effects of fatigue on his psyche, lay down his head to nap. He told Mary to wake him up in a couple of hours at most, in case he does not wake up on his own. Then he fell asleep.

Somehow, falling asleep did not slow down the flood of information, but only sped it up. But, as a result, he fell deeper into his sleep than he intended, and even Mary's many calls and probes could not rouse him.

The hours rolled by, and more and more of his guests began to wake. Within the Inn, the situation only became more stable, as all the guests and workers were long familiar with the reliability of the Inn.

But the world outside the Inn was experiencing massive changes. The three empires underneath the tree received a revelation of the direction of the Midnight Inn from the tree itself. This was a monumental occasion, for it had been centuries since the tree had made any revelations.

Immediately, all three empires dispatched ambassadors alongside an appropriate retinue. They needed to understand the Innkeeper and his Inn before arriving at any conclusions. On the other two continents none seemed to know or be concerned about the location of the Inn save a tribe of eagles, who had also dispatched their champion.

Deep in the Inn's territory, the invading empire had suffered colossal losses in their first few clashes against the local beasts, much to their surprise. Their technology and weapons fell short against the formidable foes this new land had to offer.

But similarly, the carcasses of their defeated foes had much to offer. A single meal on the meat of those beasts had resulted in hundreds of breakthroughs for the surviving soldiers. Instead of being cowed by the difficulty, they became even more intoxicated with the thought of ruling these lands.

Elsewhere in the Inn, from deep underground, a hidden evil emerged, and began to spread across the land like a plague. Before Lex's nap was concluded, the sentient wild potato had already spread its seed across the lands. In a matter of days, thousands of acres of land would be covered in the growing vegetable.

Beasts and animals began to run away and escape those lands as quickly as possible, before they became prey to its malevolent vines.

Elsewhere, on the border of the Inn, the ground suddenly caved, and from it emerged a team of small, hairy creatures. It seemed like they had found their target, and soon began to climb the great boundary walls.

In another corner of the Inn, John sat and stared at the notebook in front of him. Dragons were… truly beyond anything he had expected. To weaken one… seemed almost impossible. The body was passively restoring itself continuously. It was as if it had an infinite supply of energy. How was a new, feeble soul supposed to weaken it? It seemed impossible.



Chapter 995 Resin

﻿﻿Lex had gotten used to using the technique to disable his divination before he slept, but today, before this nap, he tried something different. Instead of trying to prevent vision, he focused on two key words: 'treasure' and 'system'.

He was hoping that, through the use of divination, he'd be able to get some clues. He was not depending on it entirely for answers, but it was worth a try. It was one of the reasons he wanted to wake up after only a couple of hours, lest he be completely drained when he woke.

But, as usual, things spiraled out of control. A part of him had expected as much, to be honest. Due to the flood of information, he entered a deep sleep and was unable to wake up naturally, or even through Mary's probing.

But, though the nap ended up being longer than anticipated, it did not go on for too long. Around his eighth hour sleeping, something 'clicked' and Lex suddenly woke up fully ready for a fight.

His instincts had always been a large contributing factor to his survival. Heck, back in the Crystal realm, they had even warned him about attention he received from an Earth immortal! Back then, he had sensed an unknown danger approaching.

Right now, in his sleep, Lex's instincts suddenly kick in, and with much greater clarity than ever before. It was as if previously his instincts would only vaguely point him in certain directions, but now it was using short sentences to explain the problem.

The moment Lex woke up, he knew exactly what his instincts were picking up, and he could even trace it to its origin. To his north, something had clear and concise malicious intentions towards him specifically, and had the ability to threaten him.

Using the Host Attire, he extended his vision all the way to the boundary of the Inn, but the danger was beyond it.

The inability to instantly locate the threat gave Lex pause, and finally allowed his thoughts to catch up with himself. Even without asking Mary he knew that he overslept. But he was not disappointed. In fact, he felt exhilarated.

He had a few visions in his sleep, but he could not recall them. Perhaps that's why he did not feel drained. But that hardly mattered, for he had finally gained all the knowledge relating to this realm, and besides a few dangerous weather patterns he needed to prepare the Inn to guard against, he discovered something he was very sure would help the system.

It was a type of resin buried deep within the continents, and was something left over from the time before the continents even formed. It was a condensed form of highly potent energy that was actually used in the creation of the realm that had become trapped due to various reasons, and solidified.

If there was anything in this realm that could help the system, it would be that resin. But there was a catch. On Menara, most of the resin had actually been discovered by the massive tree, and absorbed. Only very few traces of it remained, though Lex had mentally marked their location for himself.

On the bright side, on the other two continents, the resin remained undiscovered. All he needed to access it was to find his way across the sea to the other lands and dig it up somehow.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

To be honest, with his new array of abilities, he did not consider the task too difficult. Besides, he had teleported across entire galaxies, so what was a small sea to stop him?

But getting the resin could wait, as he had a few things to take care of first.

He summoned Luthor, who had completed his breakthrough just an hour prior, and had successfully fused with the fire Lex had given him that he took from the test in the Temple of Fasting.

It was best not to delay the matter of addressing the invading empire, for despite the number of deaths they were sustaining in securing their area, they just kept throwing more and more soldiers at the problem. Moreover, with each victory, they gained access to more materials to catalyze their growth.

Lex did not think they would become a real threat, but very much believed that they could become a nuisance.

Lex instructed Luthor to take the Silent Wanderer, as well as a group of stronger workers, including Fredrich, to go and inform the empire that they were encroaching on owned territory.

He strongly doubted that they would comply so easily, but he hoped they would. It was best if things were handled peacefully. While he was still deciding on whether to act against such civilisations on the grounds of morality, he was absolutely firm in his decision to act if they wanted to become enemies.

A part of Lex wondered why it was so easy for him to acclimatize to such a brutal way of life. He never had that mental breakdown that he'd often read about characters having when they kill for the first time. He didn't suffer from that whole identity crisis of taking another life either.

He shrugged as he couldn't come up with an answer. Maybe the boomers were right. Maybe playing video games had turned him into a desensitized monster. Or maybe he just felt such thoughts were pedantic, and a product of modern society on earth. He doubted people in olden times spent so much time thinking of such things.

Luthur set off with Cirk, Gerard, Z, Chad, Leonidus the leader of the next battalion Lex was forming, Jace, the Inn worker who had earth powers, Sandra, the worker who could control electricity, and Alfonso, the kid who had unlimited food in his pockets.

There were about a dozen more workers who joined them, all old members of the old battalion. Compared to the number of invaders, this was too few. But Lex seriously doubted they'd face any problems. Just in case they did, he'd be paying attention and would teleport over immediately.

But until then, he had other issues to personally deal with, starting with the invasion of potatoes. They had displaced countless animals and beasts, and though Lex did not understand why they were dangerous, he did not want to let them spread unchecked. He would consult the turtle first to see if it had any suggestions.



Chapter 996 Tough potato

﻿﻿The turtle has grown massive in size, but its cultivation realm remained uncharged. That was not surprising as it was already in the Nascent level, and the Midnight realm would not allow further increase. While he planned on using the Temple of Fasting to help his human workers grow stronger, he needed to get permission to send his other works there as well, at least to experience breakthroughs.

But that was a concern for later. For now, he approached the turtle who was silently watching Little Blue undergo its evolution. It had taken care of the whale from the moment it had come to the Inn, and so it only made sense that it was greatly attached to it.

In fact, Lex had noticed that it was incredibly fond of adopting strays, or anyone down on their luck. Lex himself had once been saved by the turtle, when he was first exploring Nibiru.

Lex suddenly paused, and his instincts kicked in.

He realized something in that moment. He always knew that Nibiru was special. After all, back when he had the talent show, he had seen a number of extremely bizarre beasts the likes of which he had never encountered again. That is also where the turtle had come from.

But it was only now that he realized that… he might have severely underestimated the value and worth of Nibiru. He hadn't spent much time there, since it was ruled by beasts. But for a planet to give birth to a Sovereign, it must be hiding some extreme secrets.

This was not just his guess. His instincts were telling him, acting on the memory of his time spent there. Nibiru was extremely special, and hid something of tremendous value.

The fact that his instincts labeled it as something of tremendous value, when nothing in this new realm had yet caused such a reaction, was startling news.

Lex made a mental note. He would put that on the forefront of his agenda when he returned to the Origin realm. But Lex was unaware that a war between beasts and humans was going on, and Nibiru was very much embroiled in it. What the situation would be when he finally ventured forth would be entirely unpredictable.

"How are you finding the change?" Lex asked as he approached the turtle. He found himself asking the question often these days, and not only because he enjoyed the praise that followed. He was now aware that there were more than one hidden dangers in this new territory, the least of which was something he identified as spiritual energy fatigue. Too much energy was not always a good thing, even with the system maintaining it to safe levels within the Inn.

"Oh dear, this garden is too big," the turtle said in distress. "It will take a long time to tend to all of it."

Lex found himself amused by the turtle's lament. No doubt he was referring to the entire realm rather than just the Inn's territory. At least this was good enough to entice the turtle to stay for a long time. He had not forgotten the invitation the turtle had received from Zuri Adissa, the Celestial level lady who also had a clone within the Inn.

Fortunately, while his precautions had not worked, the clone did not wake up upon being nourished by this realm. In fact, the clone became less vibrant, as if it had truly lost its connection to the main body, and had reverted to a simple tree for the time being.

"It is considerably large, yes. In fact, there are already some weeds affecting this place. I thought I'd ask if you're interested in preserving it before removing it myself."

Although Lex appeared as the Innkeeper, and not as a baby, he had to look up towards the turtle whose face hung high in the air above him. He could fly to its level, of course, but he felt that the Innkeeper would not care about such trivialities, so he stayed on the ground.

The single horn jutting from the turtle's forehead glowed briefly, absorbing a single strand of the light surrounding Little Blue, before the turtle turned to him.

"Let's take a look," he said, his voice tinged with a hint of eagerness. Although the size of the realm was daunting, it also excited him.

Lex teleported the both of them over to the ever expanding field of wild potatoes and observed the way it spread across the landscape. For hundreds of acres, there was naught but potatoes.

Lex, feeling intrigued, scanned it just to see what the system would reveal.

Name: Scourge

Age: 679

Sex: -

Cultivation Details: Foundation peak

Species: Solanum tuberosum

Midnight Inn Prestige Level: 1

Condition: Severely malnourished

Remarks: Boil it, mash it, and stick it in a dungeon.

All in all, the potato plague did not seem as menacing as its effects stated it to be. How could one Foundation realm vegetable cause all animals and beasts over hundreds of acres to flee out of fear?

"Oh dear, this one's no good," the turtle said as it approached without concern. It seemed even the turtle had detected something that Lex had not. But he just stood by and watched. Anything plant related was firmly within the bounds of the turtle.

That thought suddenly reminded Lex of a worker he had not seen in a long time: the Gardener. Last time Lex checked, he had been given free reign to practice his art in one of the Minor realms. Had he… just been living there ever since?

Well, Lex at least hoped his art was coming out well.

Lex stopped his random thoughts, as he for the first time saw the turtle attack!

The horn on its head glowed to a bright head, before releasing a visible pulse of red energy that attacked the field of potatoes.

Much in the way Lex visualized a Trelop taking control of the landscape, the entire region in front of him seemed to tremble. A shriek with no origin filled the air, and countless vines grew out from the dirt and began targeting the turtle.

A Foundation realm plant had actually survived the turtle's attack? Either the Sovereign was being lenient, or this was one tough potato.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m



Chapter 997 Death is easy

﻿﻿Scourge, the evil potato, was definitely not happy being attacked. It made sense, who would? But to have the guts to attack the Sovereign turtle? Lex wanted to whistle. Come to think of it, had he ever seen the turtle get attacked before? Surely during one of the many invasions of the Inn, it must have happened!

Oh well.

He watched as the potato vines tried to wrap around the turtle's legs, not that it cared.

"Oh dear, oh dear, how did you get so corrupted?" the turtle spoke to itself, and sniffed the ground.

Lex saw that the vines were trying to squeeze the turtle's legs, to no avail. It grew thorns dripping with some kind of poison, but they could not harm the turtle whatsoever. It was quite pitiful to watch, actually.

The turtle continued to investigate, uncaring about any attempts that vine made to harm it whatsoever. Lex, on the other hand, noticed something. The arrangement of the potatoes in the ground seemed random at first. But as the vines moved and uncovered the countless potatoes hidden under the dirt, he began to see a pattern.

He could not tell what it was, but he distinctly felt that there was some kind of reason to the arrangement they had taken, some rule they were following. He sharpened his senses, and faintly felt the presence of laws. That was normal, laws were everywhere. But in sensing just the barest outline of some pattern, Lex was for the first time able to detect the presence of some law.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

But he made no other progress. Though he could detect that there was some pattern, he could not pick up what it was.  He used the Host Attire to observe the entire arrangement of the wild potatoes as a whole. On some level, he could sense the pattern better, but he could not quite discern what it was.

It did not help that the potatoes began moving due to the not-so-epic showdown it was having with the turtle.

Once the turtle was done with its evaluation, it used another ability. Its horn began to glow, and somehow, the potato vines all came under the turtles control. The entire length of its body, which extended hundreds of acres, began to gather in front of the turtle and roll up into an ever increasing ball.

To save space, the turtle had all the actual potatoes drop from the vine, forming a massive hill underneath the even larger ball of shrieking vine.

"Those are edible," the turtle said, looking at the potatoes. "We can head back now. This child needs detention."

At the mention of detention the vine shrieked even louder. Lex waved his hand and muted it, and then paused. He realized that, instead of using his authority over the Inn, he could do the exact same thing using arrays, just as effectively. His mind automatically evaluated what characters he could use to have such a lasting effect.

It was as if Lex was more attuned to the characters used in arrays all of a sudden. For a long time now, Lex was slowly moving away from the use of arrays because he had encountered a sort of plateau in terms of the amount of power he could bring out of them.

He had not had any time to test out his strength, but he was certain that his normal attacks now could surpass that limit as well. But with this sudden new inclination for the characters might lead to a breakthrough.

But Lex had too many things to do right now, he did not have the time to experiment. He teleported them back to the Inn, leaving the turtle to punish Scourge, or whatever else it wanted to do. He didn't doubt he had it handled.

But he had no time to rest. He instantly disappeared again, appearing near the boundary wall in a certain section where a dozen hairy creatures were standing atop it.

They were small, between one to two feet (0.3 - 0.6m), and looked like a strange mix between a beaver and a cat. Their long, petite tails swayed freely in the air behind them as they discussed amongst themselves how to proceed.

Lex had noticed them the moment he woke up from his nap. They were the first 'sentient' beings to enter his Inn from the outside, but remained on the wall the entire time.

"Explain thyself, Lieutenant Jacob," said one of the beaver-

cats, his tone deep and foreboding.

"Punish me if thou must, Captain Haboob. Ostracize me from the group if you wish. I would rather accept a marr on my record than a stain on my conscience."

"Tis not honor that bars thou, Jacob, tis hubris. How can an individual be above a community? Duty before dishonor, death before defeat!"

Jacob, who was visually indistinguishable from any of the other beaver-cats, turned his head dramatically and looked back at the land outside the Inns boundary.

"Death is easy, Haboob. Death is easy, but doing what is right weighs heavier than a mountain. Tis not in me to commit such sacrilege."

"Then you have betrayed us," Haboob said solemnly. "You have betrayed your fellow soldiers, your family who raised you with such expectations, your teachers who guided you on the path, your community that depended on you."

Jacon trembled, as if struggling up hearing those heavy words. But he did not look back.

Lex almost felt bad intervening in this obviously grave situation, but he wanted to avoid any tragedies from happening in the Inn, at least for the first ever guests he received from the Midnight realm.

He coughed loudly, as he lowered himself from up in the sky where he was observing from, attracting the attention of the cleaver-cats. Even Jacob turned, ready to face the unknown threat.

"Excuse me for interrupting. I didn't mean to eavesdrop, but I couldn't help overhearing that you all are facing some issue. Can I offer any help? I am the Innkeeper, by the way, and this is my humble Inn."



Chapter 998 Drama-cats

﻿﻿The beaver-cats all huddled together as they observed Lex descend from the sky, but upon hearing his introduction they were all startled. That was not surprising. After all, Lex had introduced himself across the realm so he expected everyone to know the Innkeeper.

But instead of answering his question, the beaver-cats huddled together and began whispering.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Lieutenant Jacob, thou still have a chance to redeem thy honor!"

"I would rather walk through seven incarnations of eternal fire," he said adamantly.

Once again, an incredibly dramatic exchange between the lieutenant and the captain began, all somehow without ever actually stating what the issue was. Lex wanted to help, but he had no idea where to begin.

"Gentlemen, perhaps I can help," Lex said as he stepped onto the wall with him. He found it funny that these beaver-cats thought they could hide their conversation by whispering when he was so close. Maybe they didn't have spirit senses yet.

"But first you would have to reveal the nature of your issue."

Haboob looked at Jacob, who turned his head away, and then looked at the Innkeeper.

"Actually, Innkeeper, we have traveled through hail and hellfury to be patrons at thy Inn, but alas, Jacob has left his purse with a group of orphans. Accepting a loan is a grave sin, or so he believes, so he has resolved himself to wait for us at the boundary and miss this opportunity."

Hail and hellfury? Had the weather changed at all in the region since he made the announcement? Perhaps outside his Inn, for inside it there had been no such changes. Moreover, all of that because he had no money? Really? He'd walk through 'seven' incarnations of hell rather than accept money?

"In that case, there is no issue at all," said Lex, giving the beaver-cats a large and warm smile. "You are all my first new guests since I have opened the Inn here. As such, to celebrate, your stay will be absolutely free."

The beaver-cats shuddered, and tears welled up in their eyes, as if Lex had done the most charitable thing in history. They looked up at him, and Jacob tried to speak, but he was too choked up.

Lex had to suppress the urge to laugh as he looked down at the super dramatic and adorable little creatures. He decided to change their name, at least for himself, to drama-cats. He was sure that their species had a proper, and quite noble name. But to him they would always be furry little creatures with a penchant for taking things too seriously.

"No need to say anything," Lex said when he realized that they truly were speechless, and on the verge of breaking into actual tears. "Come, let me show you around. Some of our other services are not active yet, but you can still stay at the Inn as long as you like."

There was no such promotion for new guests from the system, though he had no doubt that if the system weren't overburdened it would be flooding him with quests right now. Instead, he just decided to pay for the dozen drama-cats himself.

One moment they were all up on the wall, and the next Lex teleported them to the Manor. At this point, he would normally delegate the tour to one of his workers, but he decided that the drama-cats deserved his personal service for a while longer.

"This is Midnight manor, the center of the Inn. From here, you can take golf carts all the way to Main street, or any of the other settlements you like. There's a bay in the back, if you'd like to go swimming. Food and drink are available at any time of the day on order. This place is usually more crowded, but many of our guests are cultivating at the moment which is why it seems so empty."

"What manner of creatures are these?" Haboob wondered out loud as he observed the few human guests walking around. "We have entered the land of giants!"

"We accept guests from all races, so expect to see many new things here. But speaking of giants, aren't the native creatures here all larger than humans?"

That seemed to be true not just for the animals, but the plants and insects as well. The small size of the drama-cats was actually strange here.

"Our most gracious host, we spend our time underground, and so do not know the size of other land dwellers. One of the reasons we have come to the Inn is to see if our people can live on land here, free of persecution from other land dwellers! For too long have the hounds of discrimination set their sights on our people, and treated us like prey. We have no choice but to burrow into the ground and hide."

"Well, you are all welcome here at the Inn. Our workers take care of security here, so you do not need to be wary of any discrimination. We do not tolerate rule breakers at the Inn."

"Gracious 'and' noble, what a character our host has," one of the other drama-cats said as they observed the Inn.

Lex did not comment on the praise he was getting, and instead began giving them a tour of the Manor. It occurred to him that he lacked underground facilities, in case his guests preferred them.

To be more specific, there were places underground he had prepared for subterranean guests, but he had done so casually and not brought it up to standard. A moment was all it took for him to design a complex underground settlement, complete with a network of roads, houses, shops, meditation rooms and more. Then he put it a short distance away from the manor towards the east.

From the surface it was not evident, but in the time it took them to tour the manor, Lex had constructed an entirely new, massive part of the Inn. Admittedly, wanting to see the drama-

cat's reaction when he told them he built that for them was a strong motivator for his actions.



Chapter 999 Oh lawd

"By the grace of the Heavenly tree, what splendor do we behold now?" muttered Haboob as he looked out at the glowing outlines of the Magikarpets. Though they were out a distance in the lake, the drama-cats still spotted them.

"It is the transcendence of the mundane to the sublime. It is the evolution of life! It is… it is… it is a fish growing into a bigger fish!"

All the drama-cats were mesmerized by the visage, and Lex had a strong feeling that they thought they were looking at food. After all, the drool dripping down their chin was unmistakable. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"You know, I have never met your kind before," said Lex. "Why don't you tell me a bit about yourselves."

Lex was thoroughly enjoying hosting the drama-cats, but he was well aware that he was in a time crunch. There was no resin within the territory of the Inn, but there was some nearby that he had marked out. He planned on getting to it.

But first, he was going to address the strange feeling he was getting from being targeted. But he was waiting for the right time. Just as his instincts had warned him of this unknown danger, it also told him that it was not yet time to face it.

"My gracious host, thy benevolence is too great. Coddle me not with thy considerate attention, lest I am forever unable to depart these hallowed lands," Haboob said as he fell to his knees. Truly a reaction worthy of a drama-cat.

"No my brother, thy have gone astray. The chronicle of our people must be spread, not hidden," said Jacob. "The sacrifice of the ancestors must be remembered and honored, their glory spread across the lands."

Feeling reinvigorated by Jacobs words, Haboob immediately returned to his feet, and began his tale.

"At the dawn of time itself, the drama-cats did not exist," Haboob said slowly, as if revealing a major secret. Lex, on the other hand, was more intrigued to learn that his universal translator automatically translated the actual name of their race to drama-cats for him. Now no one could take the name away.

Though, it was at this point he realized something else as well that he had missed since he got his new realm. He did not seem to need the universal translator. It was as if he could glean the meaning the other wanted to say, even if he did not understand the words. It was as if… on some level, Lex was communicating from soul to soul.

"But verily, it was the absence of the drama-cats that spurned the universe into existence, that got time to flow, that turned reality into… well, reality. Every action, every coincidence, every single fluctuation in destiny all worked together to bring forth the birth of the noble drama-cats.

"Others will deny this truth. But to the nonbelievers I say, prove that everything in existence has not happened specifically so that we may come into being, and they have no answers. It is not their fault, they cannot see the logic behind it, so blinded by their egos they remain."

"Makes sense," Lex nodded without so much as a hint of a smile on his face. It was as if he really believed.

"Then the first of us appeared, born from the womb of this realm itself, and the land saw prosperity. The Heavenly tree bloomed to celebrate our arrival, and grew so that from every corner, all drama-cats would see this monument in their honor. The name of the first ever drama-cat was recorded in history, and is known to every creature in existence. The name is Bob.

"Verily, the nonbelievers claim they do not know the name Bob, but I say unto them, do thou not know the name Bob? They claim I know it. And hence their beliefs are once again disproved."

"Makes sense. I also know the name Bob," said Lex, which prompted the remaining drama-cats to speak as well.

"So do I…"

"I know Bob…"

"My name is Bob Jr. XXVII…"

"But having the favor of the universe does not mean we have the favor of all beings, for after the birth of Bob, came… the enemy. The enemy had many forms. Sometimes it fell from the sky, as wetness. Other times, it came from our bodies, as hunger. But the worst of all were the times it came as beasts of prey."

The other drama-cats mimicked Haboob.

"Preying beasts…"

"Beasts who pray in the morning…"

"Beasts of prey…"

"Beasts who pray for prey to pay…"

"After a war that cracked the land itself, splintering it into three, the drama-cats were driven from the lands, and forced to live below ground. There, we have built homes for ourselves. Amidst the dirt we lived, and from underground rivers we drank. In the darkness, we slept, and on rare occasions, came up to hunt in the light. Till the end of time, we existed as such. But then, time decided not to end, and your voice called out from the heavens. A time era is before us, when the drama-cats return to ground once again.

"Thus have we endured an eternity of torture and survived. We need only send back word, and many of our kind will flock to the Inn. Of course, we have to work to pay, for loans are a sin, but the drama-cats are known for many things, and fear of work is not among them."

"Quite a splendid tale," Lex said, sensing that this story may actually continue till the end of time. "But from what I hear, it seems like you don't want to live underground anymore. Does that mean I should get rid of the underground city I built for you all?"

The drama-cats trembled and froze in disbelief. A city… for them?

Unable to contain itself, one of the unnamed drama-cats fell to its knees and raised its arms up to the heavens.

"Oh lawd! Why are we thy favorite, lawd? Why do thy bless us so?"

The other cats began to mimic him.

"Oh lawd…"



