Chapter 1020 Beloved races

﻿﻿While Lex was observing the sealed domain, and discussing its possibilities with Pel, back in the Midnight Inn, the two Rhinocentaurs were giving their daily news. Lex had already informed Velma about the details of their agreement, and informed her to record everything they said.

Whenever he returned from his various tasks, he would take his time to check the veracity of the news they submitted, mostly by reading their soul language as he asked them about each piece of news.

The reason he told Velma about it was because since she ran the Midnight newsletters, he thought she'd find it interesting, and could maybe add it to the newsletter if the information was relevant or interesting.

Since Velma was involved, she naturally informed Anita as well. The beautiful lich, who was these days getting accustomed to motherhood, had not forgotten that she was also tasked with recording history in the Midnight Library. As such, she was also present when they shared the news, and recorded it all down.

Something interesting, however, was that Lex had been very particular in his choice of words when discussing this deal with the Rhinocentaurs. He had asked them to share news about the universe.

That seemed very general, but because the Rhinocentaurs did not want to risk their freedom, they searched the groupchat for channels open to all members for universal updates. As such, for the first time ever, the Midnight Inn came in touch with news about universal powers, rather than just powers limited to a single realm.

"The Celestial court has set a precedent by allowing half-bloods to apply for bloodline purification based on merits," one of the Rhinos informed.

"As a result, countless realms have applied for recognition, pledging allegiance to the Celestial court as long as the realm owners can undergo purification," the other said.

Neither of them elaborated too much on the news they shared, but they both counted as important pieces of news that defined the trends of the entire universe. Not all the news they shared had been as monumental as this, but slowly and steadily, through them, the Inn's records about the powers of the universe began to grow.

At the same, Lex was still having a discussion with Pel.

"Who do you suspect can create such a domain?" Lex asked as he slowly approached the walls of the sealed domain.

"First, I need to explain something. A domain and a formation seem similar in function, but they are not the same. A formation performs a function, or maybe even a series of functions depending on the complexity of the formation itself.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"But a domain completely rewrites the rules of the world or region it encompasses. You can say it directly manipulates the laws of that place. Moreover, domains can only be formed completely naturally, though such a thing is exceptionally rare, or be created by extremely powerful beings - even stronger than myself in my previous life.

"That means, ordinarily, it cannot be arranged or created by others in the way a formation is made. This is because the origin or source of a domain needs to be singular. Meaning that the energy source, as well as complete and cohesive design of the domain need to come from one item or person. This is another key difference from formations, which create a whole using multiple individual parts, which make an eventual whole.

"Keeping all of that in mind, it's impossible for someone in this realm to be strong enough to create a domain on their own, yet at the same time, this domain lacks the features of a natural domain. We seem to have encountered a paradox."

"In my experience, all rules are relative. The rules that govern one species might not be true for another," Lex said, as he thought of various examples. The Sovereign turtle was such. So beloved by the universe was his race that it seemed to be above all its rules. Was he, perhaps, about to encounter his second Sovereign?

"Indeed, that is the case. After thinking about it for a few days, I have been able to think of a certain race that might be able to accomplish such a feat, while still remaining within the accepted limitations of this newborn realm. It's fairies!"

"Fairies?" Lex repeated? He was not expecting such an answer at all. He had encountered fairies before, obviously. Countless fairies had even come to the Inn as guests, but they never made much of an impression on him.

In fact, he had a tendency to forget that they even existed, despite the fact that he had encountered them on multiple planets and even in multiple realms!

"Indeed. Among the many humanoid races, fairies are especially capable in manipulating spiritual energy. As a dragon, in my previous life, I did not feel the need to pay much attention to such things, but as a result of my long life I was naturally exposed to various kinds of information, which is how I came to know about this.

"Apparently, in the Realm wars, the first of the humanoid races to suffer were the fairies. Not only were all of their stronger race members killed, but the entire race was cursed. Wherever they exist, fairies will naturally be targeted for slavery and servitude, and are easily forgettable. This is because of how great a threat the influence of fairies was perceived by the countless other races.

"But even having suffered so much, it is still a race beloved by the universe. They suffer almost no fatigue from channeling spiritual energy, which means that a tribe of fairies can work together to empower a single member of their race enough until he can at least take control of a domain, if not create one from scratch."

Lex paused. This was new information, and it was quite scary. He was certain that he had countless encounters with fairies before, but true to Pel's explanation, he could not recall any one specific incident. How can a curse be so powerful?

His second thought… was to hire a whole host of fairies to be employees for the Inn! If they really were so gifted, then he definitely should hire them!

"Even if this domain is created by fairies, that does not present us with a solution? How do we get inside?"

By now, Lex had already arrived at the barrier of the domain, and even tried touching it. Despite being in a soul state, he could not just travel through the walls of the domain.

"Well, we will need to look for a specific solution for this domain. In the meantime, we can still look for possible entrances. We haven't explored all of it yet, so maybe we'll encounter something."

"This might take a while," Lex said as he began Blinking forward. He would only teleport a fixed distance so that all his senses were constantly covering the domain. "Pel, why don't you pass me all the Glyphs you've compiled so far while we search? That Dragon's breath sounds impressive. What else do you have?"

There were only a few beginner level Glyphs that Lex could use, for his Domination level was still too weak to use them all. But halfway into learning them, Lex decided not to focus too much on the combat oriented ones - besides Dragon's breath of course!

This was because he really needed to focus on his sword intent. But while there weren't many he could use now, there were quite a few that interested him. For example, one of the dragon race's greatest abilities, which was hardly ever talked about, was their passive growth. The greater and more valuable their hoard, the quicker their cultivation would grow!

There was a Glyph which produced a similar effect, and the best part was that it didn't need to be actively maintained, or even used on by the creator! That meant that Lex could use the Glyph and bestow it to someone else!

Still, they would need to own many valuable things to grow! But for someone like Lex, whose massive wealth did not match his actual meager strength, this was not a bad technique. Of course, one could argue that he was already growing much too fast. But that still was just one example of the many Glyphs that awaited him.

While he searched for an entrance, a small part of his brain was focused on learning the new information Pel passed to him. The odd timing of such multitasking was a reflection of the kind of pressure Lex was under. In a little over 380 days he had to fulfill this quest or lose the system forever.

It was not nearly as bad as the quests he got that threatened death, but he had too much that he didn't want to lose now.

Exactly one day later, Lex had searched the entire surface of the domain at his fastest speed possible. There was no entrance.

"Well, now what?" Lex asked.

"Now, we use the rules of this domain against it. Don't worry, I was studying it as well while we searched. I have a few ideas."



Chapter 1021 Entering the domain

﻿﻿The sealed domain was like a massive cube, with all sides sealed perfectly. It did not even give off an aura, and if it hadn't been for Wyrm's Glyph, Lex never would have found it. It absorbed no spiritual energy, and gave off none either.

According to Pel, that meant that it had formed the perfect cycle within it, achieving zero loss of energy and recycling everything. Such a case was unbelievable, and only further strengthened Pel's belief that the ones responsible for it were fairies.

But the thing about fairies was that if they were completely infallible, they never would have fallen so low. He could not comment on what they were like at their peak, but at least as things stood today, their abilities had certain flaws that were simple enough to take advantage of.

Pel transmitted another set of exercises to Lex, this time also focused on Domination, though not for a Glyph. Instead, it was a more enhanced way to use the technique. Lex had already been using Domination for similar purposes, but he had been doing it like an amateur. It was as if he had been using a sword for a long time, only to be told that he had to remove the scabbard first for maximum effect.

With the proper guidance on hand, Lex quickly learned how to make best use of the technique, and began to display it. Previously, the reason Lex would slam down Domination where he wished to use it was because of the impact Dragons Might had on him. He had barely survived just the passive Dragons Might given off, so he imagined that when properly used, the aura was even more overwhelming.

He was both right and wrong. The reason he was right was because when used properly, it would have been much more powerful, making it so that it would have been impossible for Lex to achieve the feats that he had.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

But he was also wrong because, well, in the end, aura was just aura. To a dragon, their aura was just a passive way to display their prominent status while eliminating those unworthy to even stand in their presence. It was the literal tip of the iceberg when it came to their abilities.

In this case, what Lex needed to use was exactly the very feature of his aura, or Domination, that would enhance his status while pushing away that which was unworthy of being in his presence.

It was a very arrogant way of putting it, but then again, he was using a dragons technique, so it made sense that it was worded this way.

He withdrew all his natural aura completely and then wrapped his body in Domination. He allowed it to pervade every fiber of his being, and come in contact with every aspect of himself.

The application of Domination he was about to use could not be trained or manipulated. It would emit an aura depicting his true worth, and how effective it would be in pushing others away would be completely dependent on that.

Ordinarily, this would only work on living beings, but in the case of fairies who were purposefully brought low and weakened through curses and much more, it would apply on all of their techniques and works as well.

Lex himself could not sense the flavor his aura took on, so he was not certain what it felt like when displayed like this, and there was no other living creature around to tell him either. He could ask Pel, but he felt that might give him a biased answer.

Regardless, whatever it felt like, it was at least effective. Slowly, the domain under his feet parted, and gave way. Lex got the odd feeling that the reason the partition was slow to open was not because his aura was not super effective, but that it was a display of deference rather than fear.

Since it was effective, he did not particularly care what the specific feeling was. He lowered himself through the opening carefully, passing through what felt like a very long and narrow tunnel.

Just the thickness of the sealed domain barrier must have been at least a mile long. When he finally reached the end, he passed through a thin film that seemed to separate the outside and the inside.

As soon as he passed through, Lex felt the difference. It felt like he was no longer within the Midnight realm as he noted a number of differences.

First off, the gravity was about half the strength of the realm. Secondly, the ambient spiritual energy was also weaker. But, that hardly made a difference as it was still more concentrated than most places Lex had visited before. In fact, due to the spiritual energy being weaker, Lex felt like the environment here was much better and clearer.

Third, he felt a number of restrictions trying to lock on to him. They had to keep their distance because of the aura he was emitting, but they were constantly trying to find a way to latch on to him.

He did not feel that the restrictions were particularly powerful, or harmful, so he slowly ended his technique and allowed them to latch on to his body. After all, each domain had special rules, according to Pel. As long as he acted within those rules, he would have an easier time. If, however, he kept breaking the rules, then the domain would specifically start targeting him.

As interested as he was in exploring this domain, his primary interest was in locating the resin. Preferably, he should have already found the resin by the time his system upgrade from absorbing the Lone Assassin system finishes. That way, he would immediately be able to test if the resin worked.

He felt the restrictions latch on to him and… empower him? Lex felt incredibly confused as he felt a projection of a gold crown appear around his forehead, a diamond shaped golden crystal embedded right in its center.



Chapter 1022 Mysterious and powerful Lex

﻿﻿Lex felt slightly confused as he did not understand the purpose of the crown, though he did however inherit some knowledge pertaining to it when it appeared. More specifically, he learnt how to control it so that he could make it appear or disappear. The crown also had some kind of ability which he could use at will, though he did not know what the ability did. He tried using it immediately, but noticed no change.

Putting his thoughts about the crown aside, Lex observed the space within the domain. It did not appear as if he was underground at all. Instead, it seemed like he was floating in the sky amidst the clouds, and far below him was the ground.

His eyes followed the natural contours of the land below, and found it more familiar than that of the Midnight realm. Although the plants were still that of the realm, this place seemed more similar to earth than not.

He spread out his spirit sense to get a feel for the area, and detected an abundance of wildlife in the lands below, most of them below the Foundation realm.

He also, for the first time in this realm, saw humans. Within the scope of his spirit sense, there were just two of them, and though he sensed that they were quite young, their builds were much greater than those of humans from earth.

The two humans, a boy and a girl, seemed to be fighting each other within a forest. Both were nearly seven feet (2.1 meters) tall and had extremely large muscles. Though they were nowhere near as muscular as Marlo at his peak, compared to normal humans it looked like they had been injecting steroids day and night.

"Pel you told me you had a shape shifting technique for humans? Although I am a human already, do you have a technique that will allow me to change my body shape?"

He did not want to deal with the hassle of coming in front of other humans looking like a baby. It would be much easier if he could return to his former appearance.

Without a word, Pel passed on the desired technique. Considering this was a kind of technique he had never used before, his monstrous comprehension would only be able to reduce his learning speed to a couple of minutes instead of making it instantaneous.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Lex did not mind as he brought himself towards the ground so he could get a better look at the humans, and figure out why they were fighting. Considering that both of them were in the Qi training realm, and seemed to be body cultivators rather than spiritual energy cultivators, Lex was not concerned about being discovered. Even without a stealth suit, the difference in their realms would allow him to stay hidden.

"Give up, wench, and make this easier on yourself," the boy said, wearing an ugly scowl. "Whether it's by my hands, or someone else's, your death warrant has already been signed. At least I'll make it quick!"

The girl did not respond. She was stronger than the boy, but he had better technique and a better weapon. She could not allow her attention to slip even the slightest.

Lex sat on a nearby tree branch and looked down on them, and read the behavior of their souls. The boy's thoughts seemed to be extremely chaotic, whereas the girl was under a lot of pressure, but was extremely focused.

There was some kind of warrant out for her? Was she a criminal?

He continued to watch as he hoped to learn more about this place from the two of them. He also found it interesting how he could see so many flaws in each of their movements. He actually felt like a true expert, watching some kids play.

The fight had already continued for a long time, and both of the fighters were beginning to get tired. Even as body cultivators, it wasn't as if they had unlimited stamina. While neither of them were able to take advantage of each other's exhaustion, a few wild animals who had been watching them for a while now would not let the chance slip.

A snake with wings that had wrapped itself around a tree suddenly lunged at the girl, intending to bite her neck. The boy saw the attacking snake and felt glee, as he swung his sword, intending to get the girl to dodge in the direction of the snake.

Yet while he saw the attack aiming for the girl, he missed the signs of the animal attacking him. From the ground a small creature suddenly burst out and bit into the man's foot.

He screamed and lost his balance, which gave the girl the opportunity she needed. She stabbed forward, coincidentally moving out of the way of the snake at just the right time.

She managed to stab the boy's neck, killing him, but instantly realized that her situation was not great.

A three way standoff appeared as the snake, the half buried creature and the girl warily looked at each other.

Lex felt that the opportunity was perfect for him to act like a mysterious and unknown powerhouse. He'd always been the one receiving help from those stronger than him, which is why now that he had gained a bit of strength, he had been feeling the urge to do the same.

Using his spirit sense, he transmitted an image as well as information about a sword attack to the girl.

The girl did not know what was happening. She just had a strong feeling, and visualized an attack in her mind that would end the standoff. She did not know where the thought came from, but her gut told her that it would work, so she did not hesitate.

She took a step forward, and just as she had visualized, the snake and the ground creature both lunged at her. Her hands moved with precision she never knew she had as she recreated the attack perfectly, managing to behead both creatures in one move.

Then she froze as disbelief gripped her. Had she really done that?



Chapter 1023 Life on hacks

﻿﻿The girl stood frozen over the decapitated bodies of the two animals, in shock at her own performance. Lex himself was quite intrigued by the scene as well. Although, to him, this level of combat was akin to childsplay, and guiding the girl the way he did required not even a moment of consideration, watching her succeed and perform above her level gave him some kind of unusual satisfaction.

Moreover, he almost felt as if he got a new perception on swordplay watching someone else perform his moves. The level of guidance was still too superficial, and there was no real progress, but Lex considered if teaching someone swordplay could help him advance his own sword intent somehow.

After a few moments, the girl woke up from her stupor and immediately got to work. She summoned a projection of an iron band around her forehead, though the projection seemed as if it was mostly covered in rust, and grabbed the twitching head of the ground animal.

She did something and it seemed that a single grain of rust fell off her projection, revealing a speck more of iron. She repeated the process with the snake's head, as well as that of the dead boy.

The snake did not contribute much to her projection, though whatever she did, it worked better with the boy, as it removed an entire chunk of rust. Perhaps it worked better among their own race, or maybe the boy was actually stronger.

Lex did not understand the purpose of the projection, though he could tell that she was upgrading it somehow. His own was, obviously, a much higher level than hers, but even so he felt no obvious benefits from it.

The girl searched the boy's body and, after stripping it of all its valuables, began to march through the forest. She was exhausted, but clearly she had no time to rest.

Lex was intrigued. He debated on what he should do next. He could ignore the girl and begin to search the domain secretly for the resin. But he figured he had at least a few days before his system came back online, which was more than enough time to search the entire domain.

In that case, it wouldn't hurt to learn more about this place. He could do it on his own. After all, he only needed to find a settlement of some sort and spread his spirit sense over it. He'd learn everything he needed from the countless conversations taking place, or the information recorded in books and documents.

At his current level, he could pay attention to multiple conversations and read a number of documents without losing focus, so it was simple enough.

But… Lex didn't want to give up the opportunity to act like a mysterious expert and secretly help out the girl - assuming she wasn't some kind of crazy serial killer. After all, he had been too tense lately. Letting loose and enjoying himself a bit wasn't necessarily a bad thing.

With that decided, Lex smiled and continued to observe the girl. She never stopped moving, though she picked a number of fruits from the forest and ate while moving. She was clearly familiar with the local area.

It didn't take her long to reach what looked like her hideout - which was to say a tree where she had laid some poorly chopped planks to give herself a bit of flat area to sleep on. A number of bags were hung from various branches in the tree which she all collected before leaving.

The hideout was too shoddy to have been used for too long. If Lex had to guess, he'd say she was using it as a homebase while she hunted or something while staying in the region.

For the next few hours Lex followed the girl, while at the same time absorbing information about the local area.

He had completely memorized all the local flora and fauna, the terrain and made a guess as to the kind of climate and weather this place probably experienced.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

He also saw a number of other beasts fight one another, all upgrading their respective projected headgear after the fight.

He had to say, whatever the purpose of the projections were, they clearly promoted killing, which can't be a good sign.

Eventually, Lex spotted an actual city at the edge of the forest, in the same direction that the girl was moving in. In that case, it was time to make introductions. After all, what was the point of being mysterious if no one even noticed?

The girl had been moving quickly through the forest, though she never lowered her guard. Growing up in this area meant that she was already familiar with all the dangers of the forest, but that was no reason to lower her vigilance. Even now, from time to time, the forest found new ways to surprise her. Especially now that the seasons were changing, new dangers would be appearing.

Not to mention the stupid henchmen for that stupid noble. Did he really think he could do whatever he wished? It wasn't as if she had no backing either! He was going to regret…

In a small clearing ahead she saw a figure and suddenly raised her sword. Was it another fool working for that spoiled brat?

She stepped closer for a better view, and saw a weak looking man sitting casually with his back against a tree, a long blade of grass in his mouth. What the hell?

She had never seen anyone save newborns with such frail figures. There was hardly any muscle on his frame! Was he malnourished? Did he get lost in the forest for a long time?

But his clothes, as odd as they were, looked pristine. His hands and face were also clean, and his hair was not disheveled either.

Was he in a parlor or in the forest? What was the need to be so dressed up? And why in the heavens was he chewing on a poisonous leaf? Well, strictly speaking, it was not poisonous, but that kind of grass was known to cause severe rashes on skin.

Yet… yet somehow, he looked completely fine.

As the girl came closer, she heard him humming, which left her bewildered. He was humming? Wasn't that just asking to be discovered by some wild beast and attacked? Especially when he had his eyes closed!

Suddenly the girl trembled. Had she encountered some kind of ghost?

"Young lady, I seem to have gotten lost," the strange, muscleless man said, finally opening his eyes and looking towards her. "Would you happen to know the way to the nearest city?"

The girl looked at his shoes. Those did not look comfortable to march in, especially so far away from the city. She had no idea how to judge this encounter at all. The forest always found new ways to surprise her.

"How did you get so far from the city to begin with?" she asked warily. "Don't you have any guides? You don't look like a hunter."

"No, not really. I was heading towards Torrinwood for some business, but I'm thoroughly lost."

Torrinwood was the name of the city he detected. He withdrew his spirit sense from the city after learning its name. The game wouldn't be fun if he learnt everything through his spirit senses. He wanted to learn about everything naturally.

Once he was done being mysterious, and wanted to get back to work, he could just spread his spirit sense then.

"Torrinwood is just a few hours from here," she said warily. The man did not look like a traveler. Where were his supplies? "I can take you there, but I don't work for free."

Lex scratched his head. Was she negotiating with someone lost in the forest? Minus points. That's one less secret technique for her.

"Sure, I can pay. How much?"

"I won't charge too much," the girl said, hiding the guilt in her voice. "How's five coppers?"

"Sure, no problem," Lex said as he got up "Let me grab my bag."

He spread his spirit sense across the forest and found countless corpses belonging to hunters, most likely, buried underground. Many of them still had their belongings, including coin purses.

"Being strong is life on hacks," he muttered to himself as he accumulated several dozen gold coins worth of local currency in half a second.

He walked to the side of the tree that was not visible to the girl and pulled out a travel bag. He had already shifted the countless coin purses to his spatial bangle, and then into this bag for convenience.

After reaching in, he pulled out five coins and handed it to the girl.

The ease with which Lex handed money over, and his amicable attitude made the girl even more suspicious, but since he had paid, she would lead him.

"Follow me, we're not going to stop till we reach the city. Can you fight? There's still many wild beasts in this forest, and the money I took is just to lead you to the city, not protect you."

"Oh, I'll manage."



Chapter 1024 Torrin and Wood

﻿﻿In the middle of an extravagant, circular chamber, with every inch of its surface covered in formations, sat a fairy on a throne with its eyes closed. The amount of energy coursing through its body at any given moment was hundreds of times what even Lex could tolerate, yet the fair seemed unharmed.

It was a completely different matter altogether that the fairy struggled immensely, and for nearly an hour, before it was finally able to crack open a single eye.

"The golden crown has appeared," its thoughts transmitted out loud. "Our chance has come."

Just that single sentence has thoroughly exhausted it, and wrinkles appeared on its face and its hair turned white. But such a scene lasted only a brief moment, as the endless flowing energy in its body allowed it to recover back to its original state.

It seemed like nothing had happened, and no one was in the chamber with it to hear its thoughts, but there was nothing else the fairy could do. It remained on its throne, sitting with its head held high, its back straight, appearing regal, yet a prisoner nonetheless.

*****

The first beast they encountered was a wolf. It gave Lex flashbacks of running for his life from wolves in a forest back on Nibiru. Now though, the wolfs growling, glaring face just looked cute to Lex.

The girl, whose name was Hildi, did not feel the same. She did not hesitate to scream at the wolf aggressively, and make herself look big, which was not a challenge, really. Her attempts to intimidate the wolf did not work, as two more pulled out from behind some more trees.

That seemed to make the girl nervous, but she still didn't run. She drew her sword and looked at Lex nervously, to see if he was ready for battle. He was not.

"How about I take care of this one," Lex said, stepping forward, uncaring about how startled the girl was. It was quite refreshing to be the strongest one around for once. He had long gotten used to being surrounded by overwhelmingly powerful beings, which is why he was never able to let loose completely.

But the more time he was spending in the Midnight realm, the more he was beginning to open up. Not so long ago, a few Nascent realm cultivators ruled all of earth, and he was most definitely stronger than them.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"What are you doing?" Hildi hissed.

"I have a pet wolf. Well, actually, a pet dog, but it's so big it might as well be a wolf. Anyway, I'm good with dogs," Lex said, as if that explained everything.

Hildi hissed once more, as if she were some animal threatening him, but at least she didn't use him as bait to run. Bonus points for basic human decency, so maybe he'd pass on a weak technique or something.

Lex had the wolves locked down with his spirit sense, and a trace of Domination, which completely froze them. But he didn't intend to kill them. He pulled up to the dog in front and scratched its head a bit before rubbing its neck playfully.

After a while, he walked back to Hildi, and the wolves seemed to... slowly recede into the forest.

"I wouldn't recommend you copy me, by the way," Lex said to the stumped Hildi.

"I wasn't going to! What did you do? That was a Shadow wolf scouting party! How did you… how?"

"I told you, I have a pet dog. I probably have its scent all over me. Wolves and dogs recognize the scent and don't really say anything to me. It's kind of a dog owner thing."

"That's not… that's…" Hildi was questioning everything she knew, because that's now how it was supposed to work, but then again, she had just seen it work! But then her mind snapped back into place.

"What's your crown level?" she asked warily.

"Pardon?" Lex asked, slightly confused. He could imagine that she was referring to his projection, but why would that be relevant?

"Your crown level? It's really high isn't it? Wouldn't be surprised if it was silver. No wonder you're fine in the forest alone. Beasts are all intimidated by high crown levels."

Lex raised an eyebrow. So beasts were intimidated, but the same did not extend to humans.

"I've never been to Torrinwood. Is it common to share information like that openly here?"

Hildi looked away, feeling slightly guilty.

"You know, never mind. You're right, it's a private matter. Thanks for taking care of the wolves, but we should go. Pack animals are the hardest to deal with - we don't want to be here if they come back with the whole pack."

The pack did not return. In fact, Lex wouldn't be surprised if they just migrated out of the forest after being exposed to Lex's aura. But they were attacked by a number of other creatures.

This time, Lex did not shoo them away, and gave Hildi small bits of inspiration throughout the fights, drastically improving her skills. She had no idea what was happening, and clearly she was equal parts confused and excited.

Naturally, since Hildi made all the kills, she was the one to use all of them to improve her crown. She explained that rule to Lex before doing it, and he didn't particularly mind. But even by the time they exited the forest, it had hardly made a difference to the amount of rust on her projection.

This was clearly a long term project.

"Can you tell me a little about Torrinwood? Anything I should look out for? I'm not too familiar with the area."

"The city is run by two families. Well, it's actually run by the city council, but in effect, two families own almost everything in the city. You're not going to believe it, but they're the Torrin and Wood families. You want to stay away from both of them, by the way. Total pricks. If you run into a member from their families, what you're going to want to do is turn the other way and leave."



Chapter 1025 Taking notes

"Wow, you must really like them," Lex said sarcastically as they walked from the edge of the forest to the city entrance. It was decently sized and was built on both sides of a river that was passing by. There was a short line at the gate that they were walking towards.

"It's just a suggestion. It's not really that hard. Despite their power, both families aren't too large so the chances of actually running into one of them is quite low."

"What you're doing right now is called raising a flag. You're basically ensuring that you'll run into one of them, if not both of them, pretty soon," said Lex casually.

"What?" Hildi asked, confused.

"Raising a flag. It's a superstition. Basically stating something you hope to avoid only sets you up to face it pretty soon. There are a few other rules to it, like raising death flags, red flags, green flags and such, but in essence the more you want to avoid something, the more you'll end up facing it. I don't believe in them though."

"Then why did you bring it up?"

"Hmm, no reason in particular. Just that the last time I raised a flag for myself, I lost my skin. All of it. Gone. Was not a fun experience. Still don't believe in them though."

"Alright... if you say so. Well, I've brought you to Torrinwood. Toll to enter is two copper coins. Good luck with your endeavors. I have some business of my own to take care of, so I should get going."

Lex nodded, and then watched her leave. She was clearly distracted with other things, which left Lex feeling dissatisfied. He hadn't learned anything significant, nor had he acted mysteriously enough.

He spread out his spirit sense and spread it over the city, before teleported to a relatively empty tavern he found. He sat down on a chair and pulled out a book he hadn't read in a long while - Ultimate King Emperor: All the Gods call me Daddy!

Clearly he hadn't been acting mysterious enough if Hildi so easily just got up and left. He would need to consult the novel and take note of how the mysterious people the main character encountered behaved. What was mysterious enough to attract attention, and what seemed like fun.

As much as Lex thought this novel was actually completely trash and did not like it at all, he was now caught up to chapter 13,000! It was fortunate that the author had survived the incident on earth. Instead of going with the refugees, however, he joined the Jotun empire by teleporting over to Vegus Minima. Apparently, he had continued to write the novel and it was an intergalactic hit.

The last time he'd read the novel, the main character finally learned something about his adopted sister who was kidnaped, all the while seeking revenge for his wife who was murdered, leading an army of his concubines.

The whole arc was annoying so Lex skipped it until the main character finally ascended to the penultimate divine realm - a realm where deities existed. Naturally, he had to leave all his wives, concubines and die hard followers in the lower realms - a great sacrifice.

"Will you be ordering anything?" a waitress walked up to him and asked.

"Yeah, get me one of everything on the menu. Here, keep the change." Lex handed her a silver coin and got back to reading.

In this new realm, the main character was not the weakest person around, but he was down there.

Lex skimmed a bit more. He was searching for a mysterious powerhouse and… got it. So the main character got a necklace which carried the soul fragment of some divine deity that was supposed to be long dead.

Lex immediately focused in and began taking notes. Perhaps such a ridiculous novel was not the best place to take notes from. A part of him reminded himself that he was on a time limit. But he was so tempted… 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

In the end, he allowed himself one day at most to do as he wished. Relaxing might actually help him perform better in the long run. After that, though, he would continue his search, and take whatever opportunity he got to behave cryptically as the opportunity arose.

With that out of the way, he began taking notes guilt free. So a black hood to hide his identity, appearing and disappearing out of nowhere, using techniques that bewilder the audience.

He was not about to put his soul into a necklace, but he could drop some kind of amazing inheritance inside some piece of jewelry and auction it off. Apparently auctions were very integral to acting mysterious. The most important thing, however, was to donate the item that would ultimately sell as the last item on the auction, getting a VIP booth as a result, and then buying some things while everyone else guessed his identity.

In the actual novel itself, there was a whole lot more face slapping involved, but Lex found that terribly unrealistic. How was he supposed to randomly encounter people, spoiled to the extent of stupidity, who would just come and start fights with him?

He'd kept his spirit sense spread around him to observe if such scenes were common, and fortunately they weren't. However the role of the crowns was extensive. He still did not know what their actual use was, but they had created some kind of caste system where people with higher quality projections were treated better than others.

More importantly, his assumption had also proved correct. People were a lot more open to fighting and killing here, all in the name of improving their projections. Fortunately, most of that killing was targeted towards animals and beasts, but not all of it.

Lex took a bite out of a pie that had been placed in front of him, among other things, and continued to read when the doors to the tavern were slammed open.

"I'M RESERVING THIS GODDAMN PLACE, SO ALL OF YOU GET THE HELL OUT!"



Chapter 1026 Concrete wall

﻿﻿Lex paused, and so did a few other guests. They turned to look at the door to discover a gang of hoodlums walking in. They were dressed in shoddy leather armor, and were carrying a number of weapons on their belts.

Lex suddenly recalled what the book said about such situations. First was the direct confrontation, where the main character would not back off because his code would not allow him to take a step back or somesuch. That didn't suit Lex's style.

Next was to ignore them and continue eating until they came to pick on him, then defeat them effortlessly and continue to read his book. Lex looked at his table, and it was still filled with food he hadn't eaten yet.

Yes, he liked that idea. He was going to…

"Pay in advance if you want to book the place," the bartender said in an unimpressed tone. It seemed like he had seen plenty of such actions.

"DO YOU THINK I'M POOR? HOW DARE YOU? IT'S YOUR HONOR TO BE ABLE TO SERVE ME!" the leader of the gang yelled as he slammed his fist on the counter.

The bartender sighed, and grabbed his own sword. That's when he revealed his aura as a Foundation realm expert, and sliced the entire gang in one hit. They weren't dead, but they were definitely seriously injured.

The guests turned back to their food, as if they were used to such a scene. Lex also turned back to his book, slightly disappointed. So the bartender was a secret expert, going by local standards. Or perhaps not so secret.

What Lex couldn't figure out was why everyone in this place was so irritable? He'd already witnessed a dozen or so fights with his spirit sense, all starting from menial issues.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

He looked at the dozen or so bodies being dragged about by the waitresses. What was the need for acting so absurdly? Lex couldn't understand.

His spirit sense picked something else up. Another group was coming towards the tavern, and they looked better dressed than the hoodlums, though their expressions were just as mean.

The group arrived just in time to watch as the bodies of the hoodlums were being dragged out, and froze. Then they walked in, ignoring the bodies.

Standing at the door, the group surveyed the entire tavern. It was not the best establishment, but it had its fair share of customers, and the food was good.

The leader nodded to his men, who spread out, while the leader himself walked towards the bartender. Although he was keeping his aura suppressed, Lex could tell that he was in the Foundation realm as well.

The bartender also noticed, and his bored expression changed, though just a little.

"How can I help you, dear guest?"

"I had sent some men here earlier to reserve this place. Why are their bodies being dragged out of the building? That's not the kind of service I would expect one gives to their guests."

"Rserving the place requires advance payment. When I asked for it, your men started yelling at me. My customer service ain't great enough to tolerate being yelled at."

The man nodded, and dropped a coin purse on the counter.

"I'd like to reserve this place now, for the rest of the day."

The bartender picked up the purse and said, "I'll stop new guests from coming in, but you'll have to wait for the existing guests to leave on their own. I don't kick out paying customers."

The man pursed his lips and a dangerous gleam passed through his eyes, but he did nothing.

"In that case, you wouldn't mind if my men just took a stroll around the place, right? Don't worry, we won't draw our weapons."

The bartender thought about it for a moment, then shrugged. One by one, the men, who were basically still just thugs but better dressed, started to approach each of the tables and gently persuaded everyone to leave.

One such goon approached Lex as well.

"Get up, meal times over," the man said roughly as he rested his hand on the pommel of his sword.

Lex just looked at him and raised his eyebrow. He was wondering exactly how he should deal with these guys? Should he oblige, and see what their motives were? Or should he insist on staying here and finishing his meal?

Lex spread out his spirit sense and covered a majority of the city as he searched for what these guys could possibly want. He found the answer almost immediately.

In the building right opposite to the tavern, two young girls were having a secret meeting. They were probably just teenagers, maybe thirteen or fourteen at most. But, from their exceptionally refined clothes, it was evident that they were from prominent backgrounds.

Lex was not too concerned about what the girls were talking about, but he could instantly tell that these guys had something sinister in mind. Perhaps they would try to kidnap the girls once they exited the building.

"There's a lot of food left, I'll go when I'm done…" Lex had not even finished speaking when the guy flipped one of the plates on the table, spilling the gravy everywhere. Lex's clothes were spared because, well, Lex would never let food fall on his clothes. But the gravy had mixed with his other dishes, possibly compromising the taste.

"I said, meal time is over," the man reiterated, leaning forward. Everyone in the room had turned to look at them. No one had seriously resisted the thugs, but it seemed things were about to escalate. A tinge of excitement filled the guests who were about to leave. One way or another, they were about to see a show.

Lex merely looked at the guy, making eye contact with him, before the man's eyes rolled back into his head and he collapsed. In fact, it was not just him. All the other thugs in the room collapsed, including the Foundation cultivation expert.

Everyone in the room froze. What had just happened? Nobody had seen Lex make a move! He just looked at the man, and everyone collapsed!

"Can you refresh all my food," Lex said to the waitress. "Put it on this gentlemans tab."

"Sure thing," she said cheerily, and began picking up Lex's plates. She'd seen too many fights to be deterred by such things, though she could not help but let her gaze linger on Lex.

He was a little thin for her tastes, but then again, for someone that powerful, she could adjust her tastes! She winked at Lex as she stepped over the body on the floor.

Lex turned his attention back to his book. He had made his opening gambit. Rumors of a mystery man would surely spread, even if a little slowly, from this incident. Now what he needed to do was capitalize on this, and continue to behave very mysteriously.

Lex ignored the gaze that the bartender gave him, and continued to read his book while he made more plans. But, he had a feeling that he wouldn't need to do anything to get what he wanted. Considering his luck, he was sure to get embroiled in something soon enough, and considering the temperament of the folks around town, he had a feeling that he was about to begin slapping some faces pretty soon.

The thugs wouldn't wake up any time soon - after all, he blasted them all with a sliver of Domination, so whatever they had planned was probably foiled. After eating his meal, Lex casually left the tavern, giving the barkeep a nod.

After scanning the city he had not been able to find an auction house, or any ongoing auctions, but he did find a very prestigious looking building that served a few purposes. It offered commissions for anyone willing to take up dangerous jobs, as well as served as a point to sell and buy goods as well as information.

It was a strange combination, but Lex was considering how stunned everyone would be if he completed all the commissions.

As it turned out, the moment he stepped out of the tavern, so did the two girls from the opposite building. Their pure white clothes stood out amongst the dirt and muck covered clothes of people in this part of the city, as did their weak physique - compared to the others in the city that is.

"How dare you gaze upon the young lady so lecherously?" a guard yelled at Lex when he saw him looking, and suddenly drew his sword. The young girls themselves were quite startled by the yelling guard and turned to look over.

Lex did not move at all, and instead observed the guard as he swung his sword towards Lex's neck. His eyes were filled with cunning, and anticipation. Clearly he had a reason for trying to stand out.

Lex did not break eye contact with the man even as the sword came and hit Lex's neck - before bouncing off as if it had hit a concrete wall.



Chapter 1027 Simple Life

﻿﻿Lex felt slightly amused as he saw the changing emotions of the man who attacked him. Although he did not know what the reason behind attacking Lex was, he could tell that he had chosen Lex because, of everyone else on the street, he looked like the easiest target.

After all, almost everyone else was taller than him, not to mention more muscular than him. Compared to everyone else, Lex looked truly malnourished.

But that was probably just because the humans here were probably just a sub-race of humans that were taller and more muscular. It made sense actually, considering they had to cope with a higher gravity. If they had no way to cultivate, then they may have ended up shorter than other humans. But, since they cultivated, were focused on body cultivation, and lived in such an energy rich area, they grew to be tall and strong.

That did not, however, mean that others were weak. The guard who attacked Lex recoiled back and held onto his right hand, which was trembling, and looked at Lex in shock.

"What's happening here?" yelled another guard as he pulled out his sword, but did not rush to attack.

The two girls were also intrigued, and though a number of guards surrounded them to protect them, they kept watching.

"Sir he… I caught him glaring at the two young mistresses, and suspected something was amiss. Then I saw him try to attack, and rushed to stop him, but he's stronger than I expected. He… he knocked my sword from my hand."

The other guard looked at Lex warily, though there was a trace of doubt in his eyes.

According to what Lex had read, this was a perfect opportunity to act mysterious. He just needed to stick around, get into a verbal fight with the guard, establish his moral superiority before attacking the guard and possibly uncover some kind of underhanded plot.

But now that he was in the situation himself, he discovered that it was… kind of lame. The guy had attacked Lex, so why did he need to justify anything to retaliate? Moreover, just the thought of trying to convince everyone he was innocent and the guard was guilty sounded exhausting.

"Don't waste my time," Lex said to the guard who attacked him, and flashed him with Domination, causing him to froth at the mouth and fall unconscious. Instead of sticking around, Lex teleported away to the commission building.

It was only after he teleported away that it occurred to Lex that the guard might have been cooperating with the thugs who tried to book the tavern. Maybe he was trying to create a scene as a signal for them to act. He shrugged, and decided not to worry about it, and instead entered the building.

Since he had withdrawn his spirit sense, Lex missed the reaction to his disappearance, which alarmed those who were watching even more than the sudden fainting of the guard. Afraid for his life, others checked up on the guard, only to discover a number of unusual items on his person, including a knife with a strange marking on it and a couple of bottles of unmarked medicine.

The two girls were quickly escorted away, lest some issue arise, but the locals of the area who saw what happened began to whisper of a ghost who appeared in broad daylight. Some said he was lascivious and desired the two girls, while others claimed that he saved their lives from a guard who was actually trying to kidnap them.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Several other versions of the story also began to spread, but the only thing they had in common was that the ghost was thin and lacking in muscle. But that did not mean he was weak. Instead, he had traded all his muscles for an impervious body!

As soon as the guests who were sitting in the tavern heard the story, they too began to share the story of how a single look of the ghost defeated a dozen men. But instead of a ghost, he was a wanderer who traveled from place to place, tasting both wine and life.

The building that Lex entered was called the Simple Life building, as he learnt once he arrived there. It was named so because it was supposed to make life simple and easy. Anyone who wished could come here and place commissions for anything they needed, or accept commissions for money, or buy and sell things. Obviously not everything was bought and sold here, but the categories were well defined.

It really did keep things fairly simple.

To accept commissions, however, Lex first needed to register himself. That gave him pause. If he gave a name, would that reduce the mystery around him? It might, just a little, but he decided to go forward with it and got registered. The process was, unsurprisingly, simple and straightforward.

He would need to use his registered ID to accept new commissions and their rewards. Originally, Lex had imagined that he would just complete all the commissions in one day, using his superior abilities, but that was not possible. A lot of the commissions required him to work with the person who set the commissions, or with other groups.

That would naturally take time. So he began to devise a plan as he looked at the various commission boards.

At the moment, he was a grade 1 member, meaning he could only accept commissions that had a grade 1 difficulty. Other than difficulty, the commissions were also differentiated into types.

So, naturally, after some consideration, Lex decided to accept all the hunting commissions available to him. Most of them were asking for certain body parts of beasts that lived nearby, while some were for eradicating pests.

Accepting so many commissions at once was an issue, so Lex had to use Mindmeld to enter the thoughts of the person who would register Lex's commissions, named Henry, and added the idea of letting Lex do as he pleased.

That was the first time he added a thought into someone's mind like that, and it was fairly easy, but he considered it might get harder if his target had a higher cultivation level.

Once he accepted the commissions, it only took Lex a few minutes to actually complete all 112 commissions that he accepted. But, instead of returning immediately, he waited till almost an hour passed.

Once he hit that one hour mark, Lex walked back into the Simple Life building, lugging a massive bag over his shoulder. Although Lex attracted a lot of attention, he ignored it and got back in the queue to report his completed commissions. There were other, shorter lines, but Lex decided to stick with Henry.

"How you doing Henry," Lex asked, when it was finally his turn. "I'm just here to report that I'm done with all the commissions. I've brought all the harvested parts as well. Just let me know where to drop them."

"You… you what?" Henry asked, as he looked up at Lex in shock. It almost sounded like Lex had said he completed all the accepted commissions. That was over 100 of them! The massive bag he was carrying seemed to reinforce that thought, but it must be a mistake.

"I said I completed all the tasks and brought the harvested stuff. Where can I have them checked out?"

"The room to the left… No, wait, I'll take you there myself," Henry said, once he woke up from his stupor.

Henry quickly left his station and walked out from behind the counter, and led Lex to a room on the side.

There were a number of booths in the room, most with lines in front of them, and people were bringing stuff in to be appraised in each one. Henry led Lex to one of the larger booths which did not have a line.

"This booth is normally only used for grade 4 members and above, but since I'm personally bringing you, it's fine if we use it," Henry explained.

Lex found Henry's expression quite amusing. He looked equal parts bewildered and curious. Logic told Henry that it was impossible for Lex to have completed all the tasks he accepted, or even half of them, so quickly. But for some odd reason, he believed Lex.

"Hi, can you appraise these goods and confirm they correspond with these commissions?" Henry handed the appraiser a list of the commissions Lex accepted, who was also stunned when he looked at the massive list.

Lex only smiled, and put the massive bag he was pulling onto the table. For a moment, the massive bag, much larger than the table or even the people standing in the booth, made for quite a commercial scene. Then the table collapsed under the weight of the bag.

"Is this some kind of joke?" the appraiser asked, anger rising in his chest. Was he being made fun of?

"No, not really. Can you hurry up? I have more commissions to accept," Lex responded innocently. After all, this was just the beginning of his plan.



Chapter 1028 Dread

The appraiser and Henry both looked at Lex like he was a mad man, but for completely different reasons. Lex, on the other hand, was completely relaxed, and was reveling in his schemes.

He was slightly upset that neither Henry nor the appraiser paid attention to how the bag that was absolutely massive fit through a door it absolutely shouldn't have. It was just a simple trick of shifting it into and out of his spatial bangle faster than anyone else could notice while moving through the door.

But the whole comedic spiel he was doing of a man carrying a bag much larger than himself seemed to be lost on everyone here. Perhaps since everyone was a body cultivator, feats of strength were a lot easier to accept here. He would need to keep that in mind.

Disgruntled, the appraiser moved towards the bag and opened it, revealing the top of a neatly organized, clean stack of body parts harvested from local beasts.

The appraiser gave a questioning look to Lex, before he exited the booth and called for an assistant. One by one, the appraiser began to study the body parts and confirm their quality, while the assistant placed them aside neatly and marked which commission they were a part of.

Lex and Henry observed in silence as the man continued to remove body parts one at a time, marking each of them as perfect quality, having suffered no harm during the killing or harvesting process. After a while, though, as the number of parts removed from the bag became so massive that there was little room left in the booth for them, Henry began to look at Lex oddly. Had he really done it?

Logically speaking, based on the size of the bag, the body parts at the bottom should have been crushed or at least deformed a little, but no. Each and every piece removed was in perfect quality.

In the end, the appraisal process alone took more than an hour, surpassing the time it took for Lex to actually bring the commissions back in.

"All… all the commissions you took are complete," Henry said, dumbfounded at the words he was saying. "In fact, you've brought some extra pieces. Your rewards total up to 3 gold coins and 31 silver coins, and your rank has been increased to four. Would you like to collect your reward, or keep it at Simple Life as credit?"

"Credit is fine for now. Can we head out? I want to accept some rank 2 commissions."

"Wait, you, what?" Henry followed Lex as he exited the booth, after giving the appraiser a nod. He walked to the rank 2 hunting commissions and, once again, accepted them all.

"You… you can't keep accepting all of them," Henry said, lamenting Lex's speed. He hadn't even given him any time to consult with his manager. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Alright, how about I only accept a few of them for now? But I complete all of them, and then you just keep registering them while the appraiser checks everything?"

"Umm, yeah, I think that could work," Henry said, suddenly feeling excited. It suddenly occurred to him that instead of worrying about getting caught for breaking the rule for allowing Lex to accept so many commissions, he should find a way to capitalize on it somehow. He didn't believe for an instant that Lex completed all the commissions in an hour, but regardless, the Simple Life building had profited from his actions, regardless of his agenda. That meant if he could improve his relationship with Lex, he could stand to get a raise from all this somehow.

"Great, I'll see you soon then," Lex said as he walked out.

"I'll… I'll prepare a bigger booth and some more appraisers!" Henry yelled out after him. Lex seemed to vanish as soon as he stepped out of the building, but Henry wasn't focused on that. He immediately ran to the appraisal area and back to the appraiser he had just worked with.

"Prepare a bigger booth, and get a couple more guys on duty. The client from just now is planning on coming back soon with more stuff."

"More stuff? Are you insane? It probably took him a month to gather all of this, and you're saying that he still has more stuff to bring?"

"But… but he only accepted the commissions a couple of hours ago. And, right now, he just accepted a bunch more from rank 2."

"Don't be ridiculous Henry. There's no way he's coming back any time soon. Besides, I've already appraised more things today than I normally do in a week. Do you think I'm sticking around? I need a break! My mind is fried."

"But…" Henry began, yet the appraiser wasn't interested at all and left. The assistant, who was carrying all the items away one by one, paused and looked at Henry. Clearly he was busy, so there was no point in telling him to get anything done.

"Carry on," he said, and then rushed to his manager.

Lex, meanwhile, had already completed the commissions. After all there were only 82 rank 2 commissions available, and although they were supposed to be harder, it hardly made a difference to him. But he was still waiting for that one hour mark, so he watched Henry run around the building.

The manager, although just as bewildered as Henry, was a lot more clear sighted than the appraiser.

"Look it doesn't matter how he did it, or what his reasons are," the manager told Henry. "As long as he's completing the commissions fairly, and there's nothing wrong with the goods that he brings in, then we don't need to worry about anything else. Go back to your desk, I'll arrange a separate appraisal for this person. Whether he comes today, next week, or next month, we will deal with him professionally."

Lex smiled. Although that's what the manager was saying, he could sense the intrigue that he was feeling.

At the one hour mark, Lex walked back into the building, once again carrying a massive bag. This time, he got even more attention. Although most people did not know who he was, or what he was doing, many had seen him come earlier as well and head to the appraisal room. So his arrival a second time naturally drew attention.

Meanwhile, a small crowd had gathered and were discussing the oddity of so many rank 1 commissions disappearing all of a sudden.

As soon as Henry saw Lex, he rushed to him and escorted him to a private room where a number of appraisers were waiting.

"Herny, why don't you deal with this? In the meantime, I'll go deal with the rank 3 commissions."

"Yes! Absolutely! You can trust us to appraise all your stuff without issue. Every single item will definitely be accounted for!"

Lex chuckled, and then left the room. The appraisers were stunned as they began to unpack the bag, and the sudden disappearance of all the jobs for rank 2 that dealt with hunting began to attract notice.

Both the crowds and the staff began to notice something strange going on as assistants were getting summoned away and there were fewer and fewer work staff on the ground.

Around forty minutes later, the 2nd batch of Lex's haul got appraised, but they only had a short break for twenty minutes later, Lex walked back in with another massive bag.

"Hey, what're you doing? I don't think I've ever seen you here before," asked one of the regulars of the Simple Life building. People had begun to suspect that the disappearing commissions might have something to do with Lex, but how could that be possible?

"Yeah, I'm just here for the day, doing a few chores," replied Lex with a smile.

Before the man could ask anymore questions, Henry found Lex and brought him to the private room. The assistants and the appraisers who had been working nonstop became pale at the sight of Lex carrying yet another bag.

"Shall we do it like last time?" Lex said as he left the bag.

"Eh… Mr. Lex… the thing is, my manager informed me that… if you've already done all the rank 3 commissions, and you go to do all the rank 4 ones, we might not have the liquidity to pay you the amount owed in a short time…"

"Eh, don't worry about that. I don't mind keeping it as credit for now. Besides, maybe I could buy something from you instead. That would prevent you from having to pay me all at once."

"So, uh, does that mean you're still doing the commissions?"

Lex just smiled at him, then looked at the pale workers who were trembling and waiting for an answer with dread.

"Why don't you get all the lads here a little pick me up from me for all their hard work. Something to boost their energies. I'll be back in an hour."



Chapter 1029 There’s still more?

Henry knocked on a door filled with a nervous, yet excited energy. One way or another, this day would go down in Simple Life history, and Henry was already a part of it.

"Come in," said an unsteady voice from inside.

Henry entered to the sight of a worried looking man studying a piece of paper held by the manager. They seemed to be reviewing some numbers, and were whispering amongst themselves.

"Manager, I just came in to report that Mr. Lex has left the bag for the rank 3 commissions and has gone out to complete the rank 4 commissions."

The manager and the other man both paled at the news, almost losing strength in their limbs.

"Didn't you tell him that we might not be able to pay him if he keeps on like this? Just the rank 3 commissions should make his income around 18,000 gold pieces. Rank 1 and 2 were still fine, but rank 3 is expensive. If he now goes and completes all rank 4 commissions we… we don't have that kind of liquidity!"

"I… I did. He didn't seem bothered by it. He said, at most, he'd just keep it in credit or maybe he'd just buy something from us. He… he also asked me to reward the appraiser with something to help keep them energized. I brought a list here for you to review before I disperse the rewards."

"Buy something… do you think he's after something in particular?" the manager asked the other man in a low voice? "Go get a list of our entire inventory. And I mean the entire inventory. There has to be more to the story than we know."

The other man quickly ran out of the room, as if his life depended on this task, while Henry came in and showed the manager the paper.

Lex, who was watching everything from far away, could not help but laugh. Yes, there really was more to the story than they knew about, but none of them would ever be able to guess his motives!

Soon, when the other man brought in another piece of paper with the inventory list, Lex read it to see if he could find anything interesting. He had to admit, there were quite a few interesting things on the list. But, most likely, the things that Lex found interesting are probably not what the Simple Life would have been expecting.

Lex chuckled. Well, not like he was done yet anyway. After rank 4 requests, there was the final tier of rank 5 requests.

There were only 4 rank 5 requests, and they all had something to do with a few Golden core beasts in the regions. He imagined that, after he completed them, the entire city would be shocked.

But that was just the beginning. He had to think of other things. Time passed while he planned, and the staff at Simple Life ran around, desperate to complete their tasks.

By now, rumors had already begun to spread, and at some point the staff members had let the matter leak that Lex was the one accomplishing all the commissions! To be fair, Lex was only doing the commissions related to hunting, so there were many others still left for anyone who wished to take some.

But even so, the chaos began to spread. Many even began running across town, delivering the news to a few specific groups who might be interested.

Amidst this mess, Lex returned. This time, his bag was much smaller as the number of commissions was naturally growing. Ironically, now, with the much smaller bag, Lex began to attract a greater deal of attention. After all, while it made no difference to Lex, the aura of the body parts contained within were still radiating ferocity with full force.

Even when some wanted to approach him, they were not able to, which made it very easy for him to pass through.

Henry was not around to welcome him this time, so he directly entered the private room to the sight of a dozen appraisers wiping their sweat and consulting one another. They had not yet finished checking the previous bag, despite whatever revitalizing drink they had been given.

"Mr. Lex! You're back!" Henry said out loud in surprise upon noticing him. He had been so busy he hadn't even realized an hour had already passed!

"Yes, and Henry, it seems like you held back. Go ahead, get the best of whatever you have available for them. It would be problematic if they collapsed half way through."

"The… the best… Mr. Lex how about you look through our inventory list and decide for yourself. I… I really can't…"

"Alright, alright, bring me the list. And here, someone take this."

Lex unceremoniously dropped the bag of body parts on the floor, as if it didn't contain exceedingly valuable parts.

Henry ran off, and returned only a few moments later holding a piece of paper. Behind him, his manager was also following though his pace was that of a normal stride as he tried to maintain a sense of dignity.

Lex glanced at the list, and pointed directly to something called Divine serum, which cost about a hundred gold per bottle.

"This one, it should have a revitalizing effect, right? Just give this to all of them." CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"That? Is… I mean, are you sure? Isn't that a little overdoing it? That's for people with injuries that could lead to death. How about I suggest something?"

"No, the serum will be fine. They have a lot of work to do before they even get to the bag I just brought. If they're not full of energy, how are they going to manage when I go and get the final bag?"

"Final bag? You mean… you… you're still going back?"

"Of course I am," Lex said with a nod. "There's still some rank 5 requests left. I'll see you in an hour."

Lex nodded and left the room, and the manager who had arrived close enough just to hear the last part fainted.



