Chapter 1130 Noir aesthetic

"God damnit, this is not what adventures are supposed to be like," Jack grumbled as he pushed away the countless paparazzi. Tiny-Sparkles, the unicorn suffering from dwarfism and the Jolly Ranchers first mate, snorted in agreement - though its snort sounded like crystal bells ringing, and glitter flew out of its nose.

Its' clear dissatisfaction was lost on the paparazzi, though, who could not get enough of the sparkling tiny horse and kept taking photographs with their old school cameras.

"No good deed goes unpunished, captain," said Ollie, who was seething with jealousy over the attention the unicorn was getting.

The crystal alligator, though, was just looking around curiously. It did not understand what was happening.

"There was a giant gorilla monster hanging from the building swatting down planes," Jack said. "What was I supposed to do? Ignore it? You know I love aerial dogfights with the Jolly Rancher. It was just one stupid monster fight. How we went from there to having Tiny-Sparkles become the brand ambassador for world peace is completely beyond me."

All around them were Orcs, massive and dark and, stated politely, not the best looking creatures Jack had ever seen. Like them, everything in this world was dark and colorless and beautiful on the inside, but definitely not on the outside.

Whatever world they ended up in, for some reason, was monochrome. Even Jack, his ship and the rest had also been affected by the strange noir aesthetic, and only Tiny-Sparkles remained unaffected.

"Captain, permission to hasten our journey?" Ollie requested as it spread its wings.

"No, Ollie, you cannot blow away everyone on the street. We're the good guys. Well, at least for now. Plus we still haven't figured out what that stupid tower wanted us to do."

Once all of them had been teleported, Jack saw a tower he knew too well. It was the tower of providence. But unlike his previous experience, he got no guidance this time in his objective. He was just told that a realm needed his help, and was sent over. Fighting off the giant gorilla Kong Kong would have been too easy a task, but one could hope. Unfortunately, it had not panned out.

Since then, Jack and the rest had been trying to explore the realm and see how they could help it. Somehow, in the process, they became known as heroes, and Tiny-Sparkles particularly became beloved across the land.

Eventually, though, the gang of heroes broke free from the crowd and got into their roofless limousine and were driven away. Each of them sighed once they left, though all of them had different reasons. In the case of the crystal alligator, it was just because it was copying everyone else.

"So what's on the agenda for today?" Tiny-Sparkles asked, his voice deep and buttery as always, relaxing and soothing any who heard it.

"Well, unless you want to accept one of your numerous marriage proposals, we're going to camouflage ourselves today and explore this realm a bit. We need a better understanding of the situation. We can't be randomly killing monsters everyday. For all we know, the monsters are the good guys."

"Captain, your fixation on the concept of 'good guys' is unusual and contradictory," said Ollie. "Do you not recall the time you put an entire nation of Jelly bugs to sleep to steal their supply of Gummy trees? You collapsed the economy of the place overnight."

"I don't know what you're talking about," Jack said, out right denying any such accusations. "If you want to say that I stole the trees, then show me where they are."

"Captain, you ate them!"

"Exactly. You have no evidence. Stop slandering me. Tiny- Sparkles, work your magic."

The unicorn's horn began to glow, before it shot out a yellow colored light that enveloped the whole group, changing their appearances.

Jack took on the appearance of an Orc child, though his body appeared to be much larger than he actually was, while the rest took on the appearance of various common pets. Once their appearance changed, Jack teleported all of them away from that place, appearing in the heart of the closest city.

"Follow me guys, I've already planned things out," said Jack as he began to navigate the nearby streets, avoiding the crowds of tourist orcs, haggling over the price of locally produced cudgels.

In only a few minutes they arrived at an alley that was almost empty, save for a single orc standing in a shadow smoking, wearing a trenchcoat.

"Are you Mr. Homes?" Jack asked, walking up to him with confidence.

"Maybe. Depends on who's asking."

"Someone with money," Jack responded, and flung a small coin purse towards the orc, who caught it midair. The soft jingle of coins clinking against each other sounded as he shook the purse before slipping it in his pocket.

"In that case, I am Mr. Homes. How can I help you?"

"I have it on good authority that a major catastrophe is about to strike, but I don't know what it is. Can you find out what it is?"

"Do you have any clues about it? Can you tell me who gave you this information?"

"I have no clues, and it doesn't matter who gave me this information. You just have to treat it as if it's real, and tell me if you can find out anything."

"Without any clues, it'll be tough to find the right direction for investigation," he admitted directly. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Instead of responding, Jack threw him another coin purse. This time, Homes smiled and threw his cigarette on the floor and crushed it beneath his feet.

"Come back here tomorrow at the same time. You'll have what you want."

The orc tipped his bowler hat, and then disappeared into the darkness. Or well, he tried. Since Ollie had a high affinity for shadow, it saw clearly the orc tiptoeing in the shadows, careful not to be seen by anyone as he left. The rest did not need to see him, for the smell of his cigarette still hung on his clothes, which meant it was easy to detect him.

"Are we really going to rely on him?" Tiny-Sparkles asked.

"Of course not. We have about 99 more detectives to hire. Let's go."



Chapter 1131 Looking for answers

Moon continued to sleep even after an entire day had gone by, and showed no signs of waking up. If Lex hadn't been monitoring her with his spirit sense the entire time, making sure she was fine, he would have been extremely concerned. As it was, he was only concerned a regular amount.

Upon reaching thirty hours without her waking up, Lex, however, could no longer control himself. He fed her some extremely mild yet effective natural treasures meant for rehabilitation, and while that worked, it did not rouse her. Lex even fed her a drop of his blood, but it did nothing. There was no injury to heal.

By now, however, Lex had learned a lot about medicine. He began using various Glyphs, abilities and formations to heal and supplement Moon's body, and while that did not wake her up, she looked happier in her sleep.

Fortunately, at that point, the system linked the planet to the Inn. Lex immediately teleported away. He first went to the Emporium and placed an order that both horrified and excited Powell.

Lex wanted a spatial treasure that could be used to carry a planet, or basically any other way that could allow a person to carry a planet with them. He admitted frankly that he had no idea how to fulfill such an order, but considering that Lex had the highest rank that the Emporium awarded to its patrons, he would look into various ways of making that happen.

So, while dreaming of his commission, Powell busied himself as he searched for solutions.

Then Lex teleported to the Temple of Fasting. He was not looking for ways to train. Instead, he wanted to know how Moon's situation could be remedied. Cassandra was busy with her cultivation, so Lex could only approach Mateo, the projection that had originally tried to teach Lex before giving up.

"What kind of a ridiculous question is that?" Mateo said, looking at Lex like a freak. "How can I guide you on how to train someone who is fusing with a planet without looking at her or analyzing her?"

"I told you, she cannot leave her planet or her soul will get messed up, so there's no way to bring her to the temple unless I bring the planet here too. That's not the easiest thing in the world."

Mateo took his hat and slammed it on the floor in frustration.

"I am a teacher not a miracle worker. How can I even begin to understand her situation just from word of mouth? It's impossible. I need to, at the very least, see her first."

Mateo was not upset because Lex was making unreasonable demands. He was upset because he was frustrated he could not teach Moon! A human in the Golden core capable of fusing with a planet was incredible. If he could teach her, his name would go down in the annals of history. But this opportunity was out of reach!

This was the kind of situation they did not even have records for. Yes, there were humans who cultivated by absorbing planets, but that only came after they became immortals. For the Golden core level he dared not prescribe anything unless he understood the situation completely. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Unable to find a proper answer, Lex teleported back to Moon and waited for her to wake up while he thought of other solutions. The tavern had already returned to the planet it had come from, and the World Eater and parked Yildrim Utopia near another star and used its power to forcibly insert it into the stars orbit, so the planet regained some semblance of normality, besides the fact that the star was much bigger and they had no moon yet could see three planet in the sky above them at all times.

Lex asked Mary for help, but she had no solution, so he even ended up bringing Dr. Best to see Moon. The usually very confident man was thoroughly stumped when he heard her condition.

But he was not as helpless as everyone else. Although he could not expedite her fusion with the planet, nor did he have any means to allow her to carry it with her. But he was able to identify what her body was experiencing.

Basically, her body could not bear the burden that her physique was exerting on her, which should have actually killed her. But, ironically, it was also her physique that was keeping her alive.

There were a lot more complexities involved but that was the basic gist of it. The only aid he could offer was to strengthen her soul as well as her body. Raising her cultivation would also, obviously, be of great help.

But that was the second issue he identified. She could no longer cultivate in a normal way. For her to cultivate, both her bodies would have to cultivate simultaneously. Basically, the planet would also need to cultivate as well! Or, at the very least, raise its star level in a natural and organic way.

Lex's eyes flashed. If he were anyone else, this would have been an impossible demand. But as it happened, Lex had actually allowed a planet to rise in star levels before. But that was a reward he gave using the event panel for the Midnight games. It seemed like he needed to speed up the return of the games. At the same time, he summoned Harry to the planet.

Harry was not a Nascent realm cultivator. Instead, he was a level 6 Glamour Sorcerer now, and his powers were both bizarre and amazing. But most importantly, he could affect the soul on a level not even Lex himself could, despite being able to enter the soul state.

"Sorry to pull you away from Pete," Lex said as he recalled Harry's four year old son. The kid had a mohawk half as big as his body, and the energy of a level 5 hurricane. He was a walking natural disaster, but he was a cute kid.



Chapter 1132  Kind of cool



"No problem. You know he loves playing with the daycare bunnies. I swear, I don't know about anything else, but the Midnight Inn has the best daycare in the universe."

"It comes with the package," Lex said, then turned towards Moon, who was now lightly snoring in her hammock. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

She had been sleeping for days, and although he knew she was fine, it was bothering him.

"I'll start working on her immediately," Harry said, looking at Moon. "But from what I can sense, it'll take months if not years for her condition to improve in the slightest. The process can be sped up, but for that I'll need to get my hands on something called Velvet Goose King feathers. Every feather you can provide will speed up the process by a lot, but it's supposed to be rare."

"I'll find it. If you need anything else just let me know."

"Everything else I already have. This is the only thing that I wasn't able to get my hands on in the Midnight Inn."

Lex nodded, and without hesitation made his way to Powell.

"You're back fast. I haven't made any progress on your request yet, though I have already gotten a few leads."

"It's good to know that you have some leads, but I'm here for something else. I need Velvet Goose King feathers, and a lot of them."

Powell nodded, and pulled out a massive book from under the table, and started to peruse the pages until he found a particular one that had what looked like the contact information of a farm.

Without looking at Lex, he took out a device and made a call.

"Yeah, it's me," he said, and then began listening.

Lex only heard muffled sounds from the other side, so he couldn't tell what the guy was saying.

"Yeah, yeah, I get it. Right, makes sense. I totally agree. Perfect. Yes. Thanks."

Powell then shut the call and grimaced.

"There's a problem. There's only one place with a stable supply of these feathers in the entire realm, and the guy that runs that place is a little… eccentric, if you catch my drift."

"What does he want?"

"He is a supplier for the emporium, but since he's already met the quota for this century, we cannot demand anymore from him for now. But he still has more. The only catch is, if you want it, you have to go buy it in person."

"Where is it?"

Lex did not mind the extra hurdle. It was a rare resource and if the guy was the only stable source in the entire realm then he deserved the benefits his monopoly afforded him. As long as he was reasonable, Lex would deal with him. If he was unreasonable, well, Lex would still deal with him, but in a different way.

"His farm is on a planet called Dunya. It's a 5 star planet, run by Druids. They're a humanoid race, and they're very powerful, but they can be a bit temperamental sometimes."

Dunya. Lex was aware of its existence. He once got a quest to visit the 5 star planet, but back then he was too weak to even consider going there. Now though, Lex was fairly confident that he could handle it even if he ran into some trouble.

"Great, sounds like a lovely place. Do you have any way of teleporting me there?"

Lex could go to that planet using the Inn, but he didn't want to get stuck connecting the planet to the system right now. He would much rather go there freely, and get his work done for now. He could connect it to the Inn later.

"Yes, that can be arranged. Just… remember to be careful. They're a peaceful folk, as long as you remain calm. Sometimes they can get a bit aggressive, but just treat that as their eccentricity and don't react."

"Worried I'm going to get myself killed?" Lex chuckled. "How often do you see me getting into fights? I'll be friendly."

Powell smiled at him awkwardly, and then slid him a piece of paper. It had his picture on it, and in bold letters it read, 'WANTED! Lex the dragonslayer and world stealer was last seen taming a World Eater. If spotted, do not challenge and immediately contact your closest dragon.'

Lex was stunned. What the hell! It had barely been a few days.

"This is just the one sent out by the dragons. The Henali have a… nicer poster that requests a meeting with you if possible, or else they'll settle for a virtual video conference. There's also some story going around about how you stole the heart of an Elevn princess. Oh, the famous assassin organization Nix is also openly looking for you, and the terrorist organization responsible for trying to fracture space within this realm has also put out a bounty on your head. Did I mention that the Fuegan have put a kill on sight order against you? I think the dwarves aren't too fond of you either."

As if to prove what he said, Powell kept putting various wanted posters on the table in front of him, all with various pictures of drawings of Lex.

"Powell."

"Yes?"

"Can you get me a copy of every kind of wanted poster there is of me out there?" Lex asked as he tried not to feel ecstatic. He was supposed to be filled with grim determination to help his sister, but being wanted all over the realm was actually kind of cool.

A part of him wondered when his other identity, Jack, would begin to accrue such a reputation as well.

"No problem. Do you want a nice frame with that?"

"Yes. I mean no. No! Just… just the posters will be fine."

"Most of them are digital, but I'll have them printed out. In the meanwhile, I'll set up the teleportation."

"Yeah, you do that," Lex said as he admired his pose in the wanted poster. These were actually kind of cool.



Chapter 1133  TSA



Lex looked at his thirteen wanted posters with shining eyes, as well as the list that had the names of the most wanted criminals in the entire Origin realm. The moment he appeared on this list, Lex's name was already in the top ten. It couldn't be helped. Few could match the wealth of dragons, so the bounty they put out was exceedingly high.

Lex was also the only non-immortal on the entire list. Everyone who was above him on the list was an immortal who had been on the list for hundreds of years and had done horrendous things, making them the worst criminals the realm had ever known.

They had sacrificed entire planets for blood rituals and captured tens of thousands of souls to nurture their treasures or for other purposes. People would scare their children with horror stories, and the creatures in those horror stories would scare each other by mentioning those on this bounty list. Among them now was Lex's name.

Lex really wanted to go back and show this list to Moon, but chances were high that she was still asleep. To wake her up and show her his awesome side poses on these posters, he needed to get his hands on those feathers.

"When will the teleport be ready?" Lex asked Powell.

"It takes time. There's a queue. Dunya is not some random planet that you can just teleport onto whenever you wish. Anyone teleporting to the planet will automatically be directed to a few specific terminals, and then go through immigration. It takes a while because the TSA is really annoying, as you can imagine."

"TSA?" Lex asked, refusing to believe that the folks from JFK airport had found their way out into the universe.

"Teleportation Safety Authority. You know, the guys who oversee that everyone who teleports over is not carrying anything dangerous. Stuff like that."

"Oh. Uh, yeah. Make sense."

"Your teleportation is scheduled for two hours from now. You can wait in the waiting room, if you want."

"Two hours, right? I'll head out and be back in time."

"Well, don't be late, or else your teleportation will be rescheduled."

Lex returned to the Midnight Inn, where time moved slower, and took the opportunity to run some errands. There were already millions of guests in the Inn already, with more coming every day. It seemed he would need some help, so he configured the Midnight Games 2, which would start in a couple of months.

For now, he just started advertising for it, and used the event panel to hire some extra help around the Inn to handle the massive influx.

With everything set up, he returned to Powell with ten minutes to spare before his teleportation.

"Excellent. So you're going to have a small layover on a planet called Phuqauf, but that's only because Dunya automatically rejects teleportations from non-registered portals. So basically, you'll just move from one teleportation formation to another. It shouldn't be a problem. By the way, the Infinity Emporium has a special privilege of keeping its clients' identities private when they send them over, so if you wish, you can take this mask and put it on. As long as you don't break any rules, you'll be fine, and no one will inquire about your identity. Also, take this identifier token so you know which terminal to go to."

Lex raised an eyebrow, but accepted the mask and went over to the teleportation formation, ready to move on. He could not help but notice the oddly nervous expression on Powell's face. He was sure it would be fine. Contrary to his expectation, the teleportation was actually quite smooth, and only lasted a dozen seconds or so, bringing Lex to a large, well designed building. The walls could somehow resist his spirit sense, but he supposed that made sense.

Lex didn't spend too much time looking around, since he was holding up the teleportation formation and stepped forward to an oversized Red Panda holding a clipboard.

"You from the Infinity Emporium?" he asked without looking up.

"Yeah, that's me."

"Welcome to Phuqauf. Your teleportation to Dunya is scheduled in 12 hours at terminal 31. Please don't be late or your teleportation will be rescheduled. Do not try to leave the teleportation facility, you will be detained. There's a 20% sale on insect repellent pheromones producer in the duty free. Have a pleasant day. Next."

Throughout the process the Red Panda did not look up from his clipboard, though Lex could sense countless spirit sense tracking his every move, so he supposed the Panda didn't need to.

Lex stepped out, curious as to what this teleportation facility was like. In all his years, this was his first experience with public teleportation. He had used the army teleportation before used by the Jotun empire, but this was different.

Perhaps getting a better understanding of the average experience would allow him to understand how he might improve his own guests' experience. He began exploring the place while looking for directions to terminal 31.

"What do you mean my luggage was teleported to hell by accident?" he heard someone yell, and flinched. Fortunately, he had no luggage. He glanced at his spatial bangle, and it was still with him.

Maybe spatial treasures weren't so common, or maybe people moved around with a lot more stuff than him. Either way, lost luggage seemed to be a common theme here.

Not wanting his innate ability to attract trouble to be triggered, he scurried away before the fight escalated.

That's when he entered the duty free, and stopped when he noticed a restaurant with a giant yellow 'W' in front of a red background selling burgers! The popular fast-food chain commonly featured in anime, WacDonalds actually had an inter-galactic presence?

Unable to help himself, Lex got in line and eventually ordered a Big-Wac to try to see if it tasted the same. It did. Goddamn, the capitalists were rich even out in the universe. He was also impressed by the mask that Powell gave him, which parted at the lips whenever he tried to eat, so that he didn't need to remove it.

He continued to explore the duty free, and ended up buying himself a lot of chocolate as well as colognes. How he was getting sucked into these tourist traps he did not know, but at least he smelled good doing it.

A twelve hour layover was both very long and very quick, depending on the situation. Since Lex kept himself entertained exploring the place, time went by fast, and he had no trouble finding the terminal. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

But ten minutes before it was his turn to teleport, the banner above the room changed, indicating that the formation was out of order, and that all teleportations had been shifted to other terminals.

Unsure if his ten-minute deadline had been shifted or not, Lex hurried to a help desk and quickly found out that his terminal had been changed to 7777779b, and that the schedule was still set for ten minutes.

Unwilling to be bested by the teleportation facility, Lex began Blinking from one place to another, searching for his terminal, right up until he was caught by the TSA agents. Apparently Blinking interfered with the teleportation formations, and he was suspected of being a saboteur. He tried explaining his situation, but they insisted that he needed to go through certain checks. Lex looked at the agents, and then his watch. For a split second, he wondered if he should risk making the situation worse by trying to interfere with their thoughts. If he got caught, then there was no way he'd make it in time. He'd have to resort to using the Inn to go there, not to mention he'd have to explain to Powell how he literally made more enemies when Powell literally asked him to play nice.

Then he looked back at the three agents, and interfered with their thoughts anyway. The next thing he knew, Lex was riding a hovercraft as the TSA agents rushed him through the facility towards his terminal, hopping lines and flying over security gates.

Eventually, Lex reached his terminal with only a few seconds to spare. Without a second thought, he leaped forward even as the countdown continued towards 0.

The hovercrafts behind him could not stop in time and crashed into a separate room. Sirens went off and a fire alarm began to ring. But a fraction of a second before any of that happened, Lex had managed to teleport away from this place.

Every other teleportation formation in the whole facility underwent a schedule change, and every alien in the galaxy started to curse the unknown man who had caused the facility to stop working.

The Infinity Emporium received an official notice of discontent, though a large donation was made that made it go away. Lex, however, was unaware of any of it. A few seconds later, he appeared on Dunya, finally reaching his destination.



Chapter 1134  No trouble



Lex almost forgot he could fly, but as he had teleported in the diving position, the moment he appeared in Dunya, he almost fell to the ground. Instincts kicked in, and he managed to prevent himself from landing flat on his face, though he did notice that flying was slightly more strenuous here than anywhere else.

Gravity was much stronger here than he was used to. If Lex had to guess, he would say it was about fifteen times stronger than earth.

The spiritual energy was also extremely dense on Dunya, but most importantly, he could feel the weight of the laws around him. They were much heavier and much more complete than any laws he had ever felt before.

They saturated every inch of the world around him, and he could feel them covering his body as well, bringing him under the influence of the laws of Dunya.

Surprisingly, Lex felt a seal placed around his ability to teleport. Even though he had not lost his control over space, he could no longer use it to teleport. It seemed that only sanctioned formations could handle teleportation across the entire planet.

He even felt a number of other restrictions seep deep into his body, restricting his strength greatly, not that Lex minded. He discovered that the suppression of Dunya acted like the third seal on his body, which was still removed, so it stabilized his power a lot more.

Lex got up and looked around. He was in a landing formation, which was a formation that accepted teleportations, within what looked like a large tree. Beside the formation was a tall man, nearly eight feet tall, with big bulky arms showing through his sleeveless shirt. A beard that grew down all the way till his waist obscured much of his figure. The only other significant feature about him were his horns that looked like they were made of wood.

"Welcome to Dunya," the man said in a gruff voice. "I see here that you are registered as a VIP guest. If you'll follow me I'll help you go through immigration as quickly as possible. By the way, I don't know if you've been informed of this so I'll just give you a small heads up. Cross species fraternization is strongly frowned upon in Dunya, so do not try to flirt with the nymphs. The last VIP I brought through was quite surprised when he was forcibly married to a nymph and made to follow local laws regarding responsibility. It didn't go over so well with his first wife."

"I'm too young to date anyway, don't worry," said Lex as he followed the druid past many lines where other travelers were waiting.

"I'm looking for Keto's Ranch, ever heard of it?" Lex asked.

"No, but once you've registered yourself, you'll get free access to the local map for 24 hours. You can find it there easily, I'm sure, and then avail one of our many public transports to reach it. Dunya boasts a rich export, so we get a lot of visitors looking for some of our local produce all year around."

Lex nodded as the man brought Lex to a massive humming bird that was at least six feet tall who began questioning Lex.

"Do you have anything to declare before entering Dunya?" the hummingbird asked, looking Lex up and down.

"Uh, I'm not sure what I'm supposed to declare. I'm looking for a ranch to purchase something."

"Are you carrying, on your person or in a spatial tool, anything that can be considered dangerous, corrosive, or extremely volatile?"

Lex could feel that he was standing in a formation that would detect lies, which was awkward because the contents of his spatial bangle were varied.

"Uh, just a few," he admitted honestly.

"In that case, if you are planning on selling such items in Dunya you will need a tax exemption certificate. Please visit the Ministry of Imports and Exports to get the proper documentation. Please note that if any venomous or corrosive materials you sell need to match your claims or you are liable to face legal action.

"Now, moving on, are you involved with any terrorist or revolutionary organizations?"

The hummingbird and the druid looked at Lex, as if waiting for him to elaborate. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"No, no, of course not," Lex began to say, but the ground underneath him turned red. "Uh, I mean, there is a terrorist organization that is after me, but I myself have not participated in any terrorist activities."

The ground underneath him became even more red, if that was possible. Lex was stumped. He was not sure what exactly the formation was referring to. Did killing off two deities count as terrorism? Technically speaking, he had only killed one and severely damaged one. Or was it because he triggered a massive war between the monsters and Kraven back in the Crystal realm?

"Let me change the question," the hummingbird said as she watched Lex struggle to answer. "Do you plan to engage in terrorist activities while on Dunya, or facilitate any acts of terrorism while you're here?"

"No, no, of course not," Lex answered, and almost wiped the sweat off his brown when the red light disappeared.

"Do you intend to engage in any religious rites or rituals while on Dunya? That includes but is not limited to conversions, curses or irritating unaffiliated people with pamphlets?"

"No, not much of a religious guy," Lex answered truthfully.

"Are you coming to Dunya with the intention of giving birth here in the hopes that your child becomes a natural citizen of the planet?"

"What? No! I'm a guy! I can't give birth!" Lex exclaimed, but the hummingbird did not respond. It entered a few things in its computer and then waved a wing at the druid, who brought Lex away.

"You had me worried there for a bit," the Druid said jokingly, and brought Lex outside. "Have a pleasant stay, and don't forget to register at the ministry if you want to avoid taxes."

Lex swiped his sweat and stepped out of the tree. That was nerve wracking for some reason. He looked around and found that the place looked like a man made forest - or Druid made probably. Each tree was an incredibly large trunk, making them seem like actual buildings, and was situated at a specific distance from one another. The equal spacing and relative absence of shrubbery made it look artificial, but at the same time very pleasant.

He saw countless large animals walking by, as well as Druids, each minding their own business. But when he saw a large duck transform into a Druid, he finally realized that maybe everyone he had seen so far was a Druid.

Since each tree acted as a building, the forest was probably a city, but Lex did not dwell on that. He found a way to get his hands on the free map he was supposed to get, only to face something he was all too familiar with - the tourist tax.

The locals always tried to rip off tourists with higher than normal prices and exaggerated deals, but apparently Dunya, this 5 star world, also engaged in such practice.

But, recalling his immediate needs as well as promise to Powell not to cause a scene, he paid for the "free" map and went on his way.

Then he began looking for the public transport the Druid had told him about, only to discover a long snake that was nearly half a mile long and dozens of feet wide. There were countless wooden booths hung over the snake's body where everyone could ride. The snake was not really moving fast, or on a fixed path, but apparently moving any faster would break traffic laws and this was the best public transport available.

Becoming less and less impressed by Dunya, Lex climbed up into a booth, paid the price for a private booth and closed his eyes. As long as the snake was heading in the correct general direction he would keep going. When it deviated, he would stop.

Another reason why Lex was being so amenable was because the snake was an immortal, and so were about ten percent of the Druids he crossed. Ten percent did not seem like a lot, but that already meant that in the few minutes he had been here, Lex had already walked by hundreds of immortals.

Moreover, many of them radiated very powerful, very threatening auras. This place was obviously not simple, and Lex did not want to trigger his super power of being sucked into some kind of unexpected trouble. So he sat silently with his eyes closed. He did nothing extra, and did not even spread out his spirit sense lest he offend anyone.

Even so, he was waiting for things to go wrong. He knew something would eventually go wrong. It was impossible for there to be no issues, and yet, that is exactly what happened.

An hour later, Lex got off the snake scratching his head. Maybe Dunya suppressed whatever law was getting him in trouble. He better not take it for granted though. It was best to get his hands on the feathers as soon as possible.



Chapter 1135  Friendly questions



As Lex walked towards the ranch, he compared Dunya to every other planet he had visited. The most common trend in most places were a few high density metropolitan cities containing the bulk of the population and important buildings and sites in these cities. Then there were suburban areas outside such cities, with a few small towns and villages spread out across the countryside alongside a large amount of farm or wild lands.

For most places, it just made sense. Dunya, however, from what Lex had seen so far, took a different approach. As far as he had come, the forest of large trees continued, and with each tree serving as a building, it was basically just a sprawling, massive city that never ended.

There were no roads either, since everyone just walked in the grass which seemed unaffected by the people passing by. It was such a free flowing environment compared to what Lex had been used to that he didn't know what to make of it.

The one definite good thing, compared to other cities, was that there was no heavy traffic anywhere. Even though there were a lot of Druids, beasts and other races passing by, due to how open everything was it never felt crowded.

The vast open spaces also accommodate for some of the larger races to move through the forest.

But it was probably impossible to cover the entire planet in such a forest. After all, different biomes and climates had to exist to form a healthy balance. He wondered what they were like. Of course, there was also the possibility that Lex was currently walking through the suburb equivalent of the planet.

If he had time later, he might explore the place. For now, Lex continued to follow the man right up until he experienced a strange phenomenon. His instincts informed him that he no longer needed to hide his identity using the mask the Emporium gave him for it was no longer effective.

There was no danger associated with the feeling, nor was there any indication that it was a good thing. Just that his identity was no longer hidden. Lex paused and looked around, but found nothing amiss. After a moment's consideration, he took off his mask anyway and revealed his face.

"Indeed, your senses are quite sharp," said a warm, calm voice before two figures appeared in front of him. They looked like humans, one male and one female, and were smiling at him softly.

But while they looked like that, Lex had a strong feeling that they were not humans.

"I hope you do not mind us approaching you like this. We were not specifically looking for you, but upon noticing you, we could not give up this opportunity. Allow me to introduce myself with my human name. I am Fahad, and this is Noor. We are of the Henali race."

Lex was surprised by the fact that two members of the Henali just appeared in front of him, especially since he knew for a fact that they did not look like humans.

"I suppose I don't need to introduce myself," said Lex. From these two he could feel no pressure at all, which basically meant that they were so much stronger than him that he could not probe them at all. That made sense. The Henali were at the peak of this realm, so Lex naturally assumed that they were either Celestial Immortals or Dao Lords, although the former was more likely.

"We are naturally familiar with your reputation. Lex William, kidnapper of dragons, worlds and even World Eaters now. We also have heard of your… other affiliations - the ones with the Midnight Inn." 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Lex nodded. He expected as much. Once the Inn workers found out that Leo and Lex were the same person, he more or less expected the word to get out. After all, Leo had made quite a scene while rescuing the Midnight Battalion from the Fuegan battlefield, so there were quite a few people paying attention to him in the Origin realm.

But he was fine with that, since Leo was always the cover he had for himself to explain his presence with the Inn. Not to mention, the number of persona's he had only kept increasing. There was also the Tyrant wearing a mask and killing the enemies of the Inn.

"Ah, good. You are already familiar with my background. In that case, how can I help you? I suppose that this is not just a social visit."

"It's really not," said Noor, speaking for the first time, "although there is no harm in developing a social relationship. In actuality, we just want to ask you a couple of simple questions. You can answer freely, since we have no other agenda. We are only asking simply to increase our own awareness. I hope you do not mind. It's just some stuff that comes along with running an entire realm.

"Why don't we walk as we talk? We can introduce Dunya to you as we go. It looks like this is your first time here."

"That would be great," Lex said, not averse to establishing a positive relationship with the owners of an entire realm. Not to mention, the chances of him getting his hands on goose feathers might increase exponentially if he were accompanied by two heavy hitters such as themselves. That way he would not need to worry about the eccentricity of the owner's personality.

"I'm sure you're already familiar with this information, but planets that have low star ratings cannot easily support the strength of immortals. A minimum of a 2 star rating is needed to safely support an Earth immortal's power, and that rating requirement increases as the power goes up. It's not just that the laws on those planets are weak, but that the planet itself cannot support that kind of power. Of course, if an immortal keeps their power to themselves it will be fine, but it's not exactly a very comfortable situation."

Lex thought back to Golden hair, the sloth he had met in the Midnight Games. It had spent thousands of years sleeping while it was on Nibiru because the slightest shake of its hand would cause earthquakes on the planet.

"As such, the higher one's cultivation level gets, there are fewer places where they can truly relax. That is why planets such as Dunya, which are few and far between, become centers that attract countless high level immortals. There's an unproportionate number of immortals here compared to the rest of this entire galaxy, or even the few galaxies nearby."

"Doesn't that cause friction amongst the immortals?" Lex asked. "I imagine once reaching such a high level, immortals are used to having things their own way, so obeying the rules of Dunya could get constricting."

Noor smiled, as if Lex had asked an obvious question.

"Well, the rules for immortals are different than rules for everyone else," she said as if there was nothing wrong with that. "Besides, Dunya is very similar to the Midnight Inn, in the sense that immortals come here for vacations or to meet others on their level. This does not mean they don't all have their own territories. In that way, coming to a neutral ground strong enough to maintain balance between everyone is quite beneficial. For them."

Lex raised his eyebrows as he realized the other reason why the system might have wanted him to connect to Dunya! He could rip them off and learn what they do to cater to high leveled cultivators!

"Speaking of the Midnight," said Fahad, "there's something the Henali have been wondering about. It's also the reason we wanted to talk to you. When you… when you captured the World Eater, was that under the Inn's command?"

"Oh no, no, that was me acting on my own. The World Eater tried to eat the planet I was on, and that did not sound like a pleasant experience so I persuaded it not to do that."

"Haha, yes, of course. That does not sound pleasant at all," said Fahad while laughing, though it was fairly obvious that he was struggling with keeping a straight face.

"Do you… do you need it back?" Lex asked hesitantly. He saw no problem in giving the World Eater back. Technically he already failed the quest the system gave him since he did not bring the World Eater to the Inn within 24 hours, so giving it away wouldn't hurt him anymore. He just needed to convince the turtle, and more importantly, needed to figure out a way to keep the planet with Moon at all times in some kind of spatial treasure, as currently the world was operating normally due to the World Eaters' powers. Lex was certain that if its stabilizing power suddenly disappeared the world would undergo more than just a few drastic changes.

"Oh no, no, you can keep it, that's fine," Fahad said quickly, shaking his hands. "We have no problem with that. I just have to recommend that if you need to feed it in the future, only use planets without living beings, and do not allow the Fuegan to get their hands back on it. Besides that, you can do with it as you wish."



Chapter 1136  Papi



It seemed that the main concern of the Henali was ensuring that the World Eater did not return to the Fuegans hands. That meant that, most likely, the ones fighting the Jorlam were also Henali.

That thought made him want to tremble, though he resisted. The Jorlam were ridiculously massive in size. A single pupil on those things was the size of a star. Not even the whole eyeball - just the pupil!

Although Lex had somewhat entered the domain of an Earth Immortals power level, he still could not fathom what kind of power the higher levels held. Fortunately, they did not have any ill intentions towards him.

"You don't need to be worried about that. I have no intentions of returning the World Eater. In fact, I am planning on taking him back to the Midnight Inn with me. But to do that, there is a small problem I must resolve first. Since you're here, maybe you can guide me."

Actually, Lex wanted to say that maybe they could help him out, but he did not want to be too direct, especially since their relationship was not too deep. In fact, if it weren't for the Midnight Inn behind him, this entire conversation might have gone entirely differently, so it was best not to push his luck.

Without going into the details, he just explained that he needed a way to carry a planet around with him without severing his connection to the world. He was hoping for some kind of spatial treasure that could help him out.

"Oh, this is a simple matter. Can't you ask someone from the Inn to help?" asked Fahad, looking genuinely confused.

Lex had fortunately already prepared to face such a question, which is why he was not tripped up by it.

"I can, but the Innkeeper has told me to rely on my own efforts to achieve what I want to achieve. Which is why, for my personal errands, I try my best to avoid using the Inn's influence."

A gleam flashed through Fahad's eyes.

"It seems that the Innkeeper has great expectations from you. In that case, I can offer you some guidance, but for how to achieve it is something you have to figure out on your own. Finding a spatial treasure that can contain a planet without severing your connection to it is not something that can be randomly found. If that is the direction you wish to search, you will need to have it specially made.

"But there is an easier way you can achieve the same thing. It seems your real purpose is not to carry the planet around, but ensure the connection is maintained constantly. That is much easier to achieve. You can look into the Celestial Planet's club if you want more hints."

Lex's eyes gleamed. Yes, they were right. Carrying the planet around was not exactly necessary. As long as he could ensure that their connection would not be severed, and so the planet would count as Moon's body and teleport to the Inn with her, he could make do.

"Thank you for your advice. I will look into it." 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Well, we'll leave you here. We need to finish our tasks and so can't stick around. Good luck with your quest."

Lex fully expected the two Henali to teleport away once they were done. But instead, they opted for the much more mundane departure of climbing into a snake booth and leaving via public transport.

Lex could not help but feel that the encounter had gone much better than he had hoped when he first noticed someone saw through his identity. After all, the bounty on him was not small.

He would look into this Celestial Planet's club, but first he had to focus on the feathers.

Finding the ranch was not complicated, it just took a while since Lex could not move fast. As it turned out, the forest did eventually change as he approached large pastures with much fewer trees filling up the ground. Moreover, large wooden fences grew out from the earth, blocking off large segments of land.

It seemed like multiple ranches must be built here together. But whether it was through the use of formations or something else, within the ranch Lex could see nothing save the trees and grass.

He supposed he'd find out for himself when he entered. He walked up to the closed wooden gate and knocked politely. A small peephole opened up, and though Lex could not see inside through it, he could hear the sound of many people whispering. It sounded like a bunch of kids.

"Ask him what he wants?"

"Is it the delivery man? I ordered cake…"

"Shhh don't let him hear us…"

"Papi always says don't talk to strangers…"

"What if it's a bad guy? Don't say anything…"

"I heard serial killers like to take away children while their papi is gone…"

"Don't be an idiot, there aren't any killers on Dunya…"

"Guys shut up! Let me talk to the stranger!"

"Hey don't be rude, I'm older than you. You can't tell me to shut up…"

The whispers did not end, as the people on the other side of the door were too busy arguing with one another, leaving Lex stumped. In the end, he could only interrupt them when there was no sign of them ending their arguments.

"Excuse me, I'm here to meet the owner of this ranch. I was sent by the Infinity Emporium. I believe he is expecting me."

The whispers hushed for a moment, before they began arguing once again.

"The stranger is here for papi! The serial killers have come!"

"I'd love to kill some cereal right now…"

"Don't tell the stranger that papi is gone right now…"

"Worry not. Who do you think I am? I will never mention that Papi has gone to a dating convention…"

"What's a dating convention?"

"It's obviously a place where they make calendars, silly…"

"Papi said this is a huge secret, so don't mention it…"

"Yes, I know I know…

"He even said that if it goes well he might be gone for a few months…"

"He said he might come back with a Mami…"

"What's a Mami?"

"It's a kind of chocolate I think…"

"I think it's a kind of toy…"

Lex coughed, sensing that the conversation was going in an inappropriate direction.

"As it happened, the owner of the ranch told me to meet him at a dating convention so we can make calendars together. Would any of you know what it's called or where I can find it?"

"Oh the stranger wants a Mami too…"

"Is the stranger also called Papi?"

"I want to go to the dating convention too! It sounds like fun…"

"Shush! Don't say anything! The stranger is a secret agent…"

"Don't worry, I'll never mention that the convention is called Lover's Island…"

"Yes, yes, and I won't mention that it's in a place called Universally Admired Studio…"

"I want chocolate…"

Lex sighed, and then stepped away from the date. He had no idea who was at the gate, but if it were a bunch of kids then the rancher was truly irresponsible leaving them alone. But he wasn't from Child Protective services, so Lex instead opened up his map and began searching for his new destination.

It was considerably far from him, but fortunately there was public transport that relied on giant pigeons which Lex was able to get on. A few swaps between pigeons, and several hours later, Lex finally arrived at the studio, where he saw a massive line of Druids and other races waiting to enter.

Lex did not need to search blindly since Powell had naturally told him the rancher's name and showed Lex his appearance, which is why he was thoroughly disappointed to learn that he was not in the line. Could he have already gone in?

He asked the guard at the entrance of the studio if he could contact his friend inside, but the guards were only there to manage security and could not contact anyone inside.

Lex began to develop a very bad feeling as he continued to think of ways to find the rancher. He used spiritual techniques that would track him based on the aura of the ranch, but it pointed towards the studio. He tried to extend his spirit sense, but it was naturally blocked. In the end, Lex was left with no choice. He silently got in line as well, waiting to enter the studio.

Now that he thought about it, why was a dating convention taking place at a studio? Wasn't a dating convention one of those places where people who wanted to date met a large group of others like them and saw if they were compatible with anyone?

Something like that should be happening in an auditorium or hall or something. With these doubts in his mind, Lex eventually entered the studio, unaware of what lay ahead, waiting for him.



Chapter 1137  Questions



As Lex stood in line for the dating convention, slowly stepping forward, he could not help but analyze his situation. He was in a rush to find the rancher because he wanted to get his hands on those goose feathers as quickly as possible. Not only was this because he had other things he wanted to do later, such as find a worthy opponent for his sword and enter the preliminary round for the tourney. It was also because the fact that Moon had been sleeping for days was concerning.

Lex did not think about the fact that until he came face to face with her, he had decided to completely cut off his family. Emotions were things that did not make sense. The bitterness of being left out by them still filled him.

But his own feelings towards his family was one matter. When he saw her weakened and frail state, despite being a Golden core cultivator, he was completely overwhelmed with rage, and a hint of guilt.

Although he knew it wasn't his fault that she ended up like that, the truth was that if he hadn't accidentally run into her, he would have not made any effort to look for her. For that, he was very grateful to Vera.

Although their relationship was mostly transactional, she had been a huge help to Lex in many different things. He would remember this and make it up to her some day.

But the gist of the matter was, he was in a hurry to get this over with, so he was hoping this convention wouldn't take up too much of his time. He was hoping the rancher would have the feathers already prepared, since Powell had called him ahead of time. Or if he didn't, that he would authorize someone else to do the sale on his behalf.

It was with these thoughts in mind that Lex finally entered the studio, and was brought to an inspection room even more thorough than the teleportation facility he had come through. Or perhaps he had skipped most of the inspection back then due to being a VIP.

"Name?" a rather slender Druid asked him, her long, deep brown hair flowing freely behind her.

"Lex. I'm looking for another applicant for the convention, a friend of mine. Is there any chance I'll be able to meet with them for a moment? There's an urgent matter I need to discuss."

"If the applicant is selected for the convention, then you will only be able to meet with them once the convention starts. If they're sent to the waiting room to see if there's space for them, then you might be able to meet them there if you also end up there. Otherwise, if they don't get selected, then you can just talk to them outside.

"What is your dating history like? Are you currently single? Do you have any prior engagements, forced or otherwise? Even if the engagement is already broken, be sure to mention it. Such things get you bonus points. But don't bother making up fake stories, you're standing on a truth detector formation."

Lex nearly grimaced at the mention of the truth detection formation, not to mention the questions. Why was the universe picking on him lately?

"I am currently single, no prior engagements of any kind," Lex said succinctly.

The simple response seemed to disappoint the Druid lady, but she didn't dwell on it.

"Are you affiliated with any significant forces? Those include, but are not limited to, prominent families, ruling factions of various empires, a significant position within a race such as nobility, galactic or intergalactic federations, companies, businesses, criminal syndicates, pirate groups etc. Please note that no legal action will be taken against you in case you have any criminal affiliations. This is just to build your profile. The more interesting your background, the better your chances of being selected."

Lex hesitated. His background was more than just interesting, but he didn't know how much of that he wanted to reveal. He just wanted to meet the rancher, but if the rancher got selected for the convention, meeting him might be hard.

Should he try to get in just in case the rancher gets in? If it turns out that the rancher isn't in, he could always just quit.

Somewhere deep inside of him, Lex felt like things were slowly getting out of hand. But then again, it was just a dating convention. What's the worst that could happen?

"I do have a few affiliations, but is it alright if I don't mention them?" Lex asked. "Having a mysterious background should also help, right?"

The Druid thought about it for a moment, before answering.

"Well the formation recognises that you're truthful about having some affiliations, but not mentioning them might not necessarily work in your favor. Just so you know, the convention will run an independent background check on you for safety and security purposes. A criminal element can spice up a profile, but only if it's not a threat to the convention or the other applicants."

Lex raised an eyebrow.

"Sure, go ahead."

The druid nodded, and continued with the questions.

"Are you of legal dating age according to your race?" 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

It was fortunate that Lex had excellent control over his body, or else he might have blushed.

"Yes, I have been alive for a sufficient period of time," he said, maintaining perfect eye contact. The life detector did not go off, so the Druid just shrugged and continued with the questions. Fortunately, Lex had been careful with how he answered. There was no way a fifteen-year-old body would have been considered of legal dating age for something like this - at least according to the laws on earth.

"Do you have any dating preferences in terms of race, gender, age, cultivation level and so on? Oh, wait, I also forgot to ask, what's your cultivation level?"

Lex began to question how bad it could really be for Moon to sleep a little longer. For all he knew, it could be good for her. She was a growing child, after all. Well, not anymore, he supposed, but still, it could be good for her.



Chapter 1138  Good chance of being selected



After a few more seconds, Lex could not come up with a good enough excuse to avoid the question. Objectively speaking, it was a very straightforward question and he had no reason to avoid it. The fact that he was embarrassed by it was an entirely different matter.

"Female, human or humanoid I suppose, with no cultivation level preference. No wait, at least a Golden core cultivation," he answered, and could feel himself regret it immediately.

He meant to just give a simple answer to get the questions over with, but midway it occurred to him that if he were to end up with someone, they would need to have sufficient strength and potential. It was not that he wanted to have them fight or he was being picky, but just that with his life expectancy if he ended up with someone with a low cultivation level, he'd easily outlive them, which wasn't nice, which is why he changed his answer.

The reason he didn't directly say Earth immortal as the minimum was because he assumed then the person would be much, much older than him.

But the moment he gave the answer, he regretted it as well. He was just supposed to be giving a cursory answer. Why was he thinking about it?

"I am a Peak Nascent realm, and plan on breaking through to the immortal realm in a few months."

Lex heard the Druid mutter 'promising' under her breath as she filled out his information.

"Alright, you can go on ahead. Next up is a physical exam to ensure the state of your health."

Lex, too embarrassed by their interaction already, quickly walked through the door and entered the next room.

The exam was quite simple, as they had him stand on a platform while they scanned him. Afterwards, they tried to take a few blood samples, but Lex didn't even need to tell them that he was not open to that. None of their needles could pierce his skin!

"You look like you're in perfect health, Mr. Lex," the doctor said. "But there is one small matter that I want to ask you about. Considering your healthy state, you can choose not to answer and it won't affect your chances of entering the convention. I see that there are two convergence points on your chest that are influencing your body, which is not ordinary for humans. Can you elaborate on their function?"

"Ah, that's simple. They're suppressing my cultivation. I've placed them there myself."

The doctor nodded and recorded the information, seeming very impressed. Lex was not concerned that sharing the information would get him any kind of trouble. If his seals were so easy to interfere with, they would not have been able to hold back his cultivation to begin with.

"Alright Mr. Lex, it seems like everything is in order. I have been authorized to tell you that you can proceed to the waiting room. If there are no unexpected issues then I think that you have a strong chance to be selected for the convention. Due to the standards of Lover's Island, we have to be very thorough in our selection, but I have a good feeling about you."

"Thank you," Lex said politely and walked towards the waiting room. He was hoping that he'd run into the rancher there. After all, what were the chances he was already selected?

As it turned out, the chances were pretty good.

*****

Fahad was panting heavily as he pushed his body off the ground, an immense sense of urgency filling him. Yet when he looked up, his target was gone.

But he did not lower his guard. Being gone did not mean that the target could not come back. For all he knew, the target was hiding and waiting for the perfect moment to strike.

"Noor, are you alive?" he asked, unable to sense his partner.

"I'm alive," she responded promptly, though she remained invisible.

Fahad didn't question why she was not appearing. He couldn't blame her. Who knew that the target they were hunting was actually so powerful? None of the reports they had ever revealed this level of strength.

"We need to put Dunya on full alert," he said, gritting his teeth. "This is not the kind of thing we can hide. We have a serial killer on the loose, and his strength is nearing the peak of this realm."

"The Druids aren't going to be happy if we make that announcement," Noor said.

"They'd be even unhappier if random guests on their planet started dying. We need to enact a lockdown, and we need backup."

Noor did not argue with Fahad. For the most part, her greatest source of hesitation was her own pride. She did not want to admit that she failed. But she supposed failure was still preferable to death. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"You do it," she whispered, and then even her voice disappeared. No one would find her unless she revealed herself.

Fahad sighed, then contacted the Druid leader on this planet.

"Ursun, we have a situation," Fahad said as he looked at the Druid who had assumed his deadly bear form.

"What is it?"

"There's a serial killer on the loose on your planet, and he's much stronger than me."

Those words immediately attracted the bear's undivided attention.

"Tell me about him."

"We've been tracking him across the whole realm. His targets are unpredictable, and his motives are unknown. The only thing we can say for certain is that until he finds his target and tries to kill them, he won't leave this planet. Since we already intercepted him once, we can conclude that he hasn't found his target yet, so he will be on this planet for a while longer."

"What race is he? What can you tell me about him? I'll bring out my best warriors. We'll hunt him down together."

"Just have all your warriors be prepared. He is no weakling. As for his race or origin - we don't know. All I can say is that anyone who has seen him… has only seen two shining headlights. His designation is 'Truck-kun'."



Chapter 1139  Martial law



The waiting room was not nearly as large as Lex expected, and had space for no more than a hundred people. Besides Lex only a few dozen others were waiting in the room, showing how genuinely difficult it was to even get this far.

Unfortunately for Lex, the rancher was not in the waiting room. Since his tracking techniques still told him that the rancher was still in this building, that meant that the rancher had been directly selected for the convention. Good for him.

Lex sat down cross legged, closed his eyes, and began to meditate. The thing about having just two seals instead of three was that the pressure on the remaining seals would increase. They might not be able to hold on, and could end up bursting, which is why he would need to regularly refresh them.

It was not that he could put up a third seal of a different kind himself, but the three seals he selected formed a careful equilibrium that supported each other, and putting up a seal of a different kind would mess with that. His one treasure and the Glyph he could manage to recreate and refresh himself, but the final one required Lotus' help.

Lex was using his time efficiently, since he was not really interested in the convention, but everyone else in the waiting room was using this opportunity to mingle. After all, since their purpose was to find a partner in the convention, they did not really need to wait till the convention to get to know one another.

If, by happenstance, they found the perfect partner before even entering the convention then it would be for the best. Everyone here had the same objective. That was precisely why Lex stood out so much, and attracted everyone's attention.

"What do you think he's doing?" a nymph asked, looking at him with wonder. The way angels were the antonyms of devils, nymphs were considered the antonyms of succubi. But despite being considered their opposite, they contained the same, irresistible charm that would attract anyone. The only difference was that unlike succubi, nymphs would usually only ever be with one partner.

"Maybe he's confident in being selected," whispered another person.

"Does anyone recognise him?"

"Never seen him before…"

All these conversations were, of course, happening via spirit sense. Everyone here had sharp hearing, so they knew better. Even so, Lex could feel their gazes on him from time to time. He just ignored it.

Over the next few hours very few people entered the waiting room, until, eventually, the screening was over. A Druid came in and read a list of names of everyone from the waiting room who had been selected, and as it happened, Lex's name was right at the top.

But, instead of calling him by his name, they called him Lex Dragonsbane, which raised a few eyebrows. Lex himself was taken aback by it. It seemed like their background check had got them some results.

Lex followed them to a large room with a big teleportation formation, with the rest of the contestants already standing within the formation. Lex looked through them and immediately found who he was looking for - a tall, bulky Druid wearing wolf-skin robes and extremely unkempt hair.

His tanned skin and rough around the edges look made it obvious why he needed to go to a dating convention to find someone - not that Lex was judging.

Even as he was being escorted towards the formation, Lex directly reached out to the Druid with his spirit sense.

"Rancher Sim, my name is Lex, I believe Powell told you about me. I'm here to buy the Velvet Goose King feathers. He told me you asked me to come in person to buy them."

The Druid, who otherwise looked menacing, was startled so bad that quite a few people looked over at him.

"What are you doing here?" the Druid hissed back using his spirit sense. "Do I look like I'm working right now?" Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

"You are the one who insisted on me coming in person, and when I came you were gone. Obviously I was going to look for you."

"How was I supposed to know you'd come over immediately? Just… just go away! I'll deal with you once I'm done."

"Rancher Sim, I am in a rush. I need those feathers. If you don't have them on you, you can tell me who I can talk to back at your ranch. I can pay you, and we can both get on with our lives."

By now, Lex too had been brought to the formation and stood in with everyone, though he was not concerned. He could teleport to the Inn whenever he wanted, and as long as was resigned to spending a few days on Dunya he could link it to the Inn as well. It was still much quicker than waiting months.

The Druid was clearly flustered, but with everyone looking at him, he was forced to compose himself.

"Look, yes, Powell told me that someone was interested in buying feathers. But you know what, I'm no longer interested in selling them. Get lost."

Lex frowned. This was less than ideal. The man was being very uncooperative. He understood that no one wanted to be disturbed during their private time, but he was the one who raised the condition to meet him in the first place.

"Look Sim, I'm trying to be cooperative here. Just help me with the feathers. I'll pay you very handsomely, and we can both move on with our lives."

"Don't you know what 'get lost' means? I ain't selling."

Lex frowned, and then subtly spread his Domination aura across the room, without concern of being noticed. In fact, he planned on being noticed. That was because his control over Domination had reached extreme levels now.

Whereas earlier, it could only completely suppress his targets, now he could use it for other things. Such as using the power of his aura to suppress his competitors and attracting the attention of suitable mates.

Using their Dragon's Might was one of the ways dragons courted each other and found mates. Lex learned about it but never expected to use it.

Suddenly, every man in the room felt stifled, and every woman in the room looked towards Lex, a gleam of interest in their eyes.

"Suit yourself then. If we're dropping all decorum, then how about I make sure you can't find a single date?"

The Druid felt incredibly stifled. Since he was socially awkward and had little to no experience with women, he had gone his entire life without finding a suitable partner. Now that he had enough success to his name that he might be able to use it to attract someone, his big mouth and his even bigger ego ended up bringing a client to the convention!

As if he wasn't nervous enough, now with a client here looking for him, how was he supposed to focus on finding a partner?

But his ego wouldn't allow him to admit fault, so he told him to get lost. How was he supposed to know that the man he was pissing off was a natural casanova? Just standing there, without doing anything, he attracted the attention of every woman in the room!

With such a powerful contender, he had no hope, especially if that contender was out to get him. Now he had to choose between his ego and his desire to find a mate.

Lex had no problem waiting for the rancher to decide, since his skin was thick and he was more than capable of pretending that he was not feeling embarrassed.

Like that, the two had an embarrassment standoff, unaware that of the events their confrontation was setting off!

"Quickly, start the formation!" yelled the director, as his eyes turned into literal stars. "This is going to be the best season of Lovers Island yet! Have we brought in the other contestants from the other planets?"

"Everything is ready, sir."

"Excellent. Then activate the formation and let's get the show on the road. I can practically hear the spirit stones raining from the skies!"

In his excitement, the director had the formation activated before all the normal formalities were complete, teleporting all the contestants away. Just as he got up, ready to follow all the contestants, a much larger formation that covered Dunya was activated, blocking anyone else from coming or going.

"What? What the hell is going on?" the director yelled at his assistants, fearing the worst. Every minute they wasted, they were losing money.

As if to answer him, a loud broadcast was announced across the planet.

"Dear residents, a powerful and notorious criminal has been detected on the planet, and martial law has been declared. Everyone return to your homes immediately. This is for your own safety."

While the director started to have a mental break down, since the broadcasting for Lovers Island would begin regardless of whether he was there to direct or not, he was unaware that in the corner of the studio a truck had appeared, its headlights slowly dimming, pointing towards the formation that had teleported the contestants away.



