Chapter 950 Return

﻿﻿Unlike his first attempt at returning, which began instantaneously the way Teleportation usually worked, this time the process was slow and drawn out. A wave of energy spread out slowly, as if a viscous liquid were flowing down a slope.

This was the spatial energy which would form a barrier around them all, and it was slow and weak due to Lex's low cultivation realm. Already, before the teleportation had even begun, Lex needed to tap into the energy reserve of Lotus just to ensure the barrier was completed.

But, then again, the start of the teleportation was also the most expensive in terms of energy consumption, so it made sense.

None of the workers moved, as even though the barrier around them had not formed, they could feel the process had begun, and a heavy weight pressed down on them.

After an exaggerated few minutes, the barrier was complete, and all of them vanished.

The drain of the first instance of Teleportation nearly caused Lex to fall unconscious, but several medicines that he had taken in advance kicked in, and prevented it from happening.

Cassandra also began channeling her energy inside of him, while simultaneously healing him from his fatigue.

She should not have been able to do that, but then again, Lex could not comprehend the powers of Celestial immortals, even if enacted through a weak clone.

His already tiny body had withered visibly, to the point where he no longer had cute round cheeks. Instead, he was as bony as a malnourished child. It could not be helped, since Lex was to bear the brunt of this Teleportation.

In fact, if it were not due to how resilient his body was, he would have exploded just from the attempt.

But they had merely passed the first hurdle. The rest of their journey still lay at hand. Alone, it took Lex four days to reach the Inn. With over a hundred and forty thousand humans with him, he would not be surprised if the journey was lengthened to a few weeks.

But for now, all was well. Lex was receiving energy from two independent sources, and all the workers were geared up to survive this trip as best as they could.

Yet fate did not seem to be on their side, as they were hit by turbulence almost immediately. Although Lex had the worst of it, the others were not having an easy time either. They did not have his crazy physique to help them. Some, who had the Anachronistic Ignition bloodline could ignore the harm, but the others were not so lucky. They could only tough it out.

Cassandra looked at beyond them as she sensed something, and flashed her aura, imperceptible to Lex and the others. An invisible threat was deterred, as a space worm retreated back into the folds of space.

But their presence was much too prominent, and they attracted all kinds of unknown anomalies Lex had never even heard of. Most of them were not too harmful, although at one point Lex suffered two spontaneous lightning strikes!

Once, an invisible force struck the protective film around them, nearly killing all of them! Cassandra blared her aura once again, and was about to make a move when something unexpected happened.

Charles, the annoying doctor who fought the temple workers at every turn, used some unknown technique to drive the danger away.

The fact that Cassandra could use her techniques was still acceptable. But why could Charles?

Lex didn't have the mental capacity to wonder such thoughts at the moment, as he was doing his utmost to hold on and ensure the technique was not interrupted.

His entire being was in pain, and tears were dripping from his closed eyes. It was not that he wanted to cry, but that his young body did not listen to him, and naturally reacted to the pain.

But he had to hold on, for he knew the fate of everyone was in his hands.

What he didn't know was that everyone's condition was much worse than they anticipated. The journey had already gone on for an unknown amount of time, and everyone of the workers were reaching their limit. There was only so much pure willpower could do.

That's when it happened. Lex's Empyrean Resonance physique activated, and its aura traveled uninterrupted by the turbulent space around them.

In fact, the aura seemed to absorb the turbulence, drastically reducing it, before it began to caress the weakened bodies of all those within the protective film.

Soon, for reasons they could not comprehend, they started to feel as if the pressure on them was reducing. At first it was only a minor relief, but the longer this went on, the greater the benefit they received.

Even Cassandra was affected by it, and her clone underwent subtle changes. This was extremely dangerous, considering their precarious situation. The slightest disturbance in evolution would cause them to die, or at the very least suffer drastic repercussions. But there was nothing any of them could do about it. Lex did not even know it was happening, as all his focus was ensuring the technique didn't fail.

Then, the next moment, without any warning, it was over. They found themselves at the entrance of the Inn, on the welcoming platform. The protective film around them vanished, and most of them fell to their knees.

But while their bodies struggled to cope with the sudden return of gravity, their minds were filled with elation. They had done it! They had survived! They had returned!

Grins and sighs of relief filled the massive crowd, even as they knew that they would need many days of rest after this.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

But only one person did not have such a reaction, for as soon as the teleportation ended, Lex collapsed. He was utterly spent and his already tiny body shrunk even more. He curled up into the fetal position, though that was pure instinct for Lex was already unconscious. For the first time since he had learnt it, Lex fell asleep without using the technique to protect him from divination.



Chapter 951 Troubling visions

﻿﻿On some deep level, Lex knew he was dreaming. But that knowledge did not reflect in any change. He was like a spectator, looking down on himself, but at the same time, feeling all the feelings that his dreamed self was experiencing.

He was being hunted. Something had locked onto him by means he could not understand. It had used something to lock him in place, and prevent him from returning to the Inn. The lock was not actually something that directly blocked him, but something that created an urgent need.

Even at the risk of being discovered, even at the risk of great harm, he could not escape. He needed to reach… he needed to find…

Before the thought could be complete, a familiar pressure he now understood as Dragons Might enveloped him, and a massive yellow eye appeared. Then darkness fell, and the dream transitioned.

Another dream came from the darkness, revealing a dance flood. A dark ominous figure stood at the opposite end of Lex, and a hooting crowd surrounded them. Darkness descended, and the dream ended once more.

He saw a jungle filled with the most viscous beasts imaginable, and a massive cavalry charging through astride magnificent, great peacocks.

He saw an army of caped Marzu, marching to war.

He saw the collapse of civilizations.

He saw a planet, ominous and full of malevolent intent, swallowing its star system.

He saw his beloved door, left alone at the Temple of Fasting, behind countless chains.

There were many more dreams, but they seemed to slip out of his memory as they were happening.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The last dream, however, was the most vivid. He was standing in the Inn, watching as massive balls of red flames fell from the sky all around him, crashing down and causing untold destruction.

He could smell the sulfur in the air, alongside the smell of burnt earth and ash. He could feel the warmth of the distant fireballs in the sky on his skin. He could feel the ground tremble beneath his feet.

In the distance, buildings and people were all engulfed in a tsunami of earth caused by a particularly devastating impact. Yet amidst all the destruction, there was a strange sense of peace.

The Lex in the dream did not feel fear or panic, or even anger. He just stood still and watched as fire rained from the sky, as if accepting an inevitable doom beyond his control. The dream ended when Lex himself was wreathed in fire.

Lex opened his eyes and felt particularly like crap. It had been a while since he had been so uncomfortable, but he felt drained of all life, energy, emotion, and drive. Exhaustion hugged him like a lover, unwilling to part even for a moment.

He felt himself falling back asleep almost a second later, but this time, as if forced by habit, he used the technique to protect himself from divination.

This time, blissful darkness welcomed him. He had no dreams, and time seemed to slip by, so that when he woke up, it seemed like only seconds had passed.

But there was a world of a difference in how he felt, informing him that he was in a much better condition.

"Mary, how long was I out?" he asked as he looked up at the familiar ceiling. He was in a Recovery pod, though not his personal one. That hardly mattered, since they all worked the same.

"It's been a little over two and a half weeks since you all returned. Your condition is extremely strained. The lady who brought you in, Cassandra, comes every day to check up on your condition. She has stated that even if you heal completely, your meridians are extremely strained and will need time to recover. She gave Nurse Jubilation a serum that she said should help you."

Lex smiled weakly. Cassandra was very thoughtful, and whatever serum she gave would probably help him a lot if he took it. But in her considerations, she could not account for the fact that Lex had a cultivation technique that strengthened him against whatever weakness he was experiencing. A few good cultivation sessions and he should be good to go.

But before he got up and went about dealing with the no doubt countless chores that awaited him, he could not help but think back to the last dream. As devastating as it was, the thing he found most prominent in the dream was the fact that… he was still a baby in it!

This was the second time he had a dream about the Inn being destroyed by fire, though some details had changed between the two dreams. The first time he had the dream, he was in his regular form, meaning that he had not been reduced to his baby form. But in the more recent one, he was a baby.

The fact that some details changed was reassuring, which meant that even his future prophecies were not exactly accurate, or even liable to happen. But the fact that this dream had occurred twice was worth consideration.

There was one more dream which had repeated, and fortunately it was not the one where he identified as a banana. Or perhaps it was unfortunate, because it was the one he was being hunted in. Although, this time, in that particular dream, he was not a baby.

But the reappearance of these dreams unsettled him.

He tried to anticipate what kind of danger the Inn could potentially face in the near future, since he was a baby in that dream.

There was only one possibility he could identify, though there was no way of knowing for sure. If his newly developed realm was discovered, he was sure that it would face an invasion. But the Inn had a Destiny level formation hiding it, so that should have been unlikely. Or did he perhaps need to upgrade the protection to the level of Death, or perhaps even higher?

These thoughts plagued him for quite a while.



Chapter 952 Divine

Whatever the problem was, sitting around and just thinking would not help him avoid it. Besides, there was no guarantee it would even actually happen. He decided to consult Vera, the Oracle and his perpetual consultant regarding all matters relating to divination.

He could ask Cassandra as well, but she was too knowledgeable about things he could not even imagine. The chances of him slipping up were extremely high, so the less he talked to her about things related to the Inn, the better.

"Mary is there anything I need to pay attention to at the Inn?" he asked as he tried to plan out his next steps.

"Surprisingly not. Most of the workers who returned alongside you are still resting as well. They were not able to completely overcome the stress of teleporting over such a long distance as easily as you. But there's no serious injuries to speak of. The rest of the workers are handling the guests well, and there are no particular issues to take care of.

"There is a massive backlog of applicants who wish to join the Inn, if you want to peruse those, but a majority of them are just Velma's fans. I don't know how good of a fit they would be. Although, there is a clan of elves where the entire clan wishes to join the Inn. They're currently living here as well, so you can look into them. The number of devil applicants has also gone up, but almost all of them want to negotiate their terms of service. Besides that, there's not much else that needs your immediate attention."

The number of people who wished to join the Inn was always high, but Lex hardly ever accepted them. It was too much of a risk accepting people with entire lives before they arrived at the Inn, and the potential for problems was quite high. But then, of course, there were some who had skills and knowledge that would be an excellent addition to the Inn. If any applicant had a recommendation from one of his workers, he would also view it seriously, because that hardly ever happened.

But at the moment, Lex did not need more workers, so the applications could wait.

He got out of the Recovery pod, and immediately groaned. His entire body ached, as if he were an old man with severe arthritis.

Why was it that every time he would undergo a massive boost in strength, he'd immediately go through something that would just absolutely devastated him right after? It almost invalidated his upgrade. But then again, he had also developed a habit of pulling off absolutely ridiculous things. He was a Golden core cultivator who had traversed countless galaxies while teleporting with his body. Not dying was already great.

Cultivating would go a long way towards soothing his pain, but he did not want to delay his meeting with Vera.

"Mary, where is the oracle?" he asked as he stretched his body, causing it to release countless cracks.

"She's sitting in an empty cabin on the Orient. It's parked at the train station, so I think she might be expecting you."

Lex nodded, got dressed in a new suit that had been made for him on tab by Geeves, and teleported over. He made a mental note to thank Geeves. The Midnight Inn didn't really allow tabs, which meant that Geeves must have paid himself.

What he did not realize was that the suit was not made using the Midnight tailor, but by Geeves using his hands, so there was no cost to reimburse except the materials. Lex got new clothes, and Geeves raised his cultivation, so it was a win for both.

With an awkward limp, Lex made his way into the cabin, and found Vera sitting on a sofa with a couple of drinks laid out in front of her. She looked forlornly out at the horizon, as if lost in thought.

"Everything alright?" Lex asked as he sat opposite to her, grabbing one of the drinks. It was hot chocolate.

"My mom is forbidding me from dating till I'm 25!" Vera burst out screaming, as if she was barely holding herself back. "25! Can you believe it? She says considering the long lifespan of cultivators she's being generous, but I think she's just old so it doesn't seem like much to her. I don't want to wait another 9 years before getting a boyfriend!" Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Vera looked incredibly vexed by the matter, much to Lex's amusement.

"I have to say, that is not what I was expecting," Lex said while he chuckled.

The train blew a whistle, and then slowly began moving along its tracks. No one else was in this cabin, a rarity on the popular train. But the low number of guests these days has allowed this scene to occur naturally and without any preparation.

Vera looked at him, feeling slightly annoyed, but then calmed herself down and grabbed her own drink.

"So this is the part where I give you some advice without asking what your actual problems are. Although, I've never really worked with a baby before."

"Being a baby is not so bad," Lex said, sitting on his four pillows so that his head would be above the table between himself and Vera.

"I only have two pieces of advice for you. First, you should really visit the Wishing Well, preferably soon. The second is that in exactly five years, and I mean exactly five years, to the day, you should visit a planet called Yildirim Utopia. Don't be in a rush to pay me back for this. When the time comes, you can pay me whatever you think this information was worth."

Lex raised his eyebrow. Five years? None of this advice seemed to have to do anything with his dreams. Or perhaps the answer for his dream problem lay at the Wishing well. This was really a good time to try it out.

"Thanks," Lex said as he took a sip from his drink. It tasted divine.



Chapter 953 Nexus

Lex did not teleport away after getting the information he needed. It would be quite rude. Besides, considering that Vera had chosen this as the location for their meeting meant that she wanted to have a lengthy conversation, probably.

But he wasn't in a rush to start the conversation himself, either. For a time, he just sat in silence and enjoyed the view. The scenery was like something out of a cartoon, as so much of the flora was now from different planets. While Lex's favorite remained the purple crystal trees, the turtle had been especially busy in adapting endless types of plants to the environment of the Inn.

For that he also introduced many new kinds of insects, which had now spread across the space of the Inn, and already gone through several generations. Fortunately, the newborn insects counted as Inn workers, so Lex ordered them to stay out of sight when guests were around so as to not observe them.

He did not, however, interfere in their food chain. So the many birds and animals ate insects, the insects devoured the dead leaves, and the feed left out for them by the workers, and the soil was nourished by their actions. Between this all, some animals fought with one another as well, and on a few occasions, left behind a few corpses for the insects to feast on. All of this happened well out of sight of his guests.

But it was also interesting how different animals, which were a part of the Inn and obeyed his orders, continued their original food chain despite being fellow workers of the Inn. That meant the system did not actually stop Inn workers from harming one another. Or perhaps, this was only limited to species with limited to no knowledge.

Lex turned his gaze to the sky, and saw the tiny, floating city pass by. There was also a strange bird he had never seen before, but a quick scan revealed that it was actually a guest beast.

Though Lex's body was still aching due to the fact that it had not completely recovered, his mind felt increasingly at peace as he observed the changing scenery.

"It's nice, isn't it?" Vera asked, her voice strangely somber. "Oddly enough, before coming to the Inn, I always preferred living in a Metropolis. But here, I seem to have developed a strange fondness for such a peaceful environment."

Lex did not answer immediately, as he allowed his thoughts to wander as well. He felt strangely similar. Wasn't that also why he had moved to New York?

"I think it's for safety," he finally said. "In a city, around so many people, you feel safe, even if you don't necessarily know them. Compared to the countryside, where you might not see another person for miles and miles, and you feel so alone, it feels more secure. But at the Inn, you don't have that problem, so you let your guard down. You let yourself appreciate nature."

They shared a moment, before Vera snorted.

"I was a political prisoner. Trust me, I was as safe as could be. I'd lose value if anything happened to me. But, maybe you're right. I don't know what it is. It's strange that I know so many things about the future, but I can't even understand my own feelings in the present."

She turned and looked at Lex oddly.

"You're another one who I can't really see through, you know. No matter how I try the same techniques on you, I can't seem to see anything. There are only a few, very rare moments where you suddenly appear in my visions. They're always so specific that I can't help but think you somehow block out my divination except when you want something from me."

Lex smiled awkwardly.

"Trust me, I do not know nearly enough about divinations to do something like that, at least consciously."

Vera shrugged and said, "I guessed as much. Honestly, I don't mind. It's refreshing to talk to someone without knowing how they're going to reply for once. But that's not why I wanted to talk to you. You know about the convention for the new generation of diviners I recently held, right?" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"Yeah, I know about it, though I don't know what happened in it."

Honestly, he had been so busy that he even forgot about it completely.

"Nothing too major," she said nonchalantly, as if countless people had not traversed entire realms to get golden keys to attend the meeting. As a result, the golden keys of the Midnight Inn had also spread across multiple other realms, though none of those keys had been used yet.

"We just all discussed the fact that a Nexus event is approaching in the future, and will likely result in the death of many oracles. We simply discussed a few… precautions."

"What's a Nexus event?" Lex asked curiously. They had finally gotten to Vera's main concern.

"A Nexus event is… how should I put this? Treat fate as something that can be predicted, for a moment. But, when too many major events with incalculable repercussions take place close together, they not only obscure fate, they completely destroy the ties of fate. Once the Nexus event passes, the ties of fate reconnect, just as they were before. But… but if one knows what they are doing, they can simply change their fate, or perhaps even hide from it.

"A Nexus event is an event that causes even Destiny to fail, if only for a short time. It is a time full of extreme peril, and at the same time, extreme opportunities."

Vera paused, as she looked at the baby, trying to observe its expressions for any indication of what he was thinking. But a baby was too difficult to read. Their expressions were all over the place.

"I take it that you have something in mind for this Nexus event," Lex said slowly, his interest in the matter growing.

"Oh, you have no idea," she responded, a smile growing on her face.



Chapter 954 Your own answers

﻿﻿Lex did not ask what she had in mind. Since the topic had clearly reached this point she would talk about it, but he had to maintain his psychological advantage. As a baby, every little bit of help counted, especially when dealing with an unknown phenomena that would potentially affect the whole universe. Technically Vera had not said that yet, but if even Destiny could fail, Lex could only imagine that the repercussions were large.

Also, he still did not have a complete grasp of what Destiny was? Was it a rank? Was it fate? Was it the name of a universal escort lady? Who knew?

Vera did not keep him waiting for long.

"For now, you don't need to concern yourself with the Nexus event. It is still far away. But it was still important to tell you about it. You see, there is kind of an unwritten rule in the divination community about it. We don't really tell non-diviners about it, while we make sure to spread the word about it as much as possible within the divination community.

"You see, for us diviners, oracles, and such, the Nexus is a great opportunity. You've already helped some of us remove shards of tribulation from our souls, so you know that we get punished heavily for divining certain things. But during the Nexus event, not only can we divine as we please, we can remove any punishments we're already suffering. Most importantly... Most importantly, we can change what fate has in store for us."

"What does that mean?" Lex asked. He could tell that Vera was putting a lot of emphasis on this last part. Changing one's fate or destiny seemed like a big deal, but how would you even know what your existing fate was? Or that the one you were getting was better?Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"The Nexus event is far away," she said, not directly answering his question. "Right now, we have only detected the fringes of its existence in our divinations. That means there's plenty of time for you to look into this, and get the answers you want. The reason no one else can give you a proper answer is because there is no one correct answer. You just have to see what you can dig up."

"What if I'm not 'destined' to find anything?"

Vera laughed, as if the question reminded her of something funny.

"Your destiny is not defined throughout every second of your life. Or well, generally speaking, that's how it works. But regardless, you have to look for your answer yourself. If the answer to these questions are given to you by another person, they will always be wrong. Even if the answer is correct for them, the moment they tell you, it will become wrong for you. The secrets of the universe are something you have to uncover for yourself. That's all I wanted to tell you, and before you ask, no I was not telling you because I foresaw some benefit in doing so. It is simply a courtesy we extend to those in the divination community."

Lex pressed his lips as he contemplated yet another potential disaster waiting to happen. But at least it was far away.

"How far away is the event? Can you at least give me a guess?"

"I can't. If I tell you it's in 10 years, but it doesn't happen for a 1000 you'll blame me. Likewise, if I tell you it's 50,000 years away, but it happens in 300 years, you'll once again blame me. I cannot give you an answer for something I don't even know myself."

Lex sighed. Divination was a scam.

"Thanks for telling me anyway," Lex said as he stood up. As it happened, the train just happened to arrive at a station. The way the timing for that worked out perfectly did not in any way alleviate Lex's feelings for how much of a scam divination was.

Vera simply nodded, as she continued to look out the window.

Once he was out, Lex had to decide between going fishing and cultivating first. On one hand, it was best to gain as much information as possible. On the other hand, he was in no condition to do anything even if he gained extremely critical information.

He ultimately decided to go through one round of cultivation before heading to the well. He teleported to his apartment, and returned to his humble meditation mat of a technically living Heavenly immortal dragon.

It felt good to be back. But then he was suddenly reminded of the dream he had about being hunted by a massive dragon. Maybe he should start looking into some dragon slaying techniques.

For now, though, he closed his eyes and began cultivation. It was a painful process to start, because his meridians were extremely sore. Even the slightest of stimulation sent waves of pain coursing through his body.

But he endured in silence. His body would heal from all wounds, so there was no reason to fear getting hurt. Of course, if his Golden core was in danger he would not take the same risk, but it did not seem to be under any pressure, so he continued to cultivate through the pain. Eventually, he would be stronger for it. He was the literal manifestation of the idiom 'what doesn't kill you makes you stronger'.

Going through one cycle took him three hours, as even though he ignored it, the pain slowed him down. But this was not enough to have his body adapt to its conditions, so he continued. Whether it was the strain his body was suffering, the Dragons Might around him, the toughness and vitality of the dragon beneath him, his cultivation technique took them all in, and slowly started to make him better for it.

What his physique could do for others, his cultivation technique could do for himself, so he continued to train. What he didn't know was that his physique had imparted some of the benefits he had onto the countless workers who traveled back to the Inn with him. Slowly, they were all improving.



Chapter 955 Picnic at the well

﻿﻿Lex suddenly started to cough as he completed his most recent cycle of cultivation, and felt something big stuck in his throat. When plain coughing didn't work, he started smashing his chest with a fist to try and get the blocked bulge to move up.

It worked surprisingly well, and a moment later he coughed out a large misshapen chunk of meat. He would have thought he had just thrown up a part of his lung if he hadn't continued to breath just fine as soon as he coughed it out.

Unlike previous times, when the extracting impurities from his body were black and in the form of sludge, this time his body had discarded a lot of damaged tissue, muscle and other internal organs and grew new ones in their stead.

It was something he instinctively knew, but it still felt eerie to look at a ball of red meat that came out of his own body. With a wave of his hand, he caused the meat to disappear so that he would not have to look at it anymore.

"I guess that's my cue to stop," he murmured as he wiped the blood off his face. Cultivation was too addictive, so although he had only meant to do it for a short while, he ended up cultivating for a day straight.

On the bright side, the condition had improved drastically, and most of the aches filling his body had been fixed. Only his meridians were still damaged, and he had a feeling he would need to cultivate a lot more before that was fixed.

He got up and stretched his body a bit, before getting ready to go fishing. He was not particularly in the mood to explain why he, as a baby, could walk and talk so he put on his Clark Kent glasses and donned his Leo persona.

Despite his actual body's miniature size, Leo still appeared as he had always been. It was quite refreshing.

He teleported away and when he reappeared, he was already at the Wishing well. But, unsurprisingly, it was not as secluded as many of the other parts of the Inn.

There was a family having a picnic nearby, with many kids playing around. Near the well, there were two old men sitting and chatting, while taking turns fishing in the well. They would laugh and joke with one another, while betting on the value of the thing they would fish out.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Hey guys, do you mind if I join in?" Leo said as he walked up to them.

The old men were wearing half sleeve button up shirts and shorts, alongside fishing hats. They looked like they were retired and just enjoying their vacation. If it weren't for the fact that Lex could sense that they were incredibly powerful, even much more than himself, he might really have believed it.

"Not at all, young man. But you've got to wait your turn," one of the men, with long gray hair coming out of his hat said.

"Would you like something to eat? We had food made by this elven cook and his wife. They're not so good, if I'm being honest, but their ingredients are good at least. I heard they want to open up a restaurant, so they keep trying different recipes to see what's good. It's tough for new couples."

Leo's lip twitched as he recalled Kenta and Sohee. He had been paying for top tier groceries for Kenta, but now he was being told his cooking wasn't actually any good. This sounded like he was about to go into a loss for the first time in one of his endeavors at the Inn.

"I… I wouldn't want to intrude," Leo said awkwardly. He was about to admit that he was their boss, but then didn't want to associate himself with bad cooks. He had to change his sentence at the last minute.

"I have a catch!" the other man roared, and suddenly began to pull his rod as hard as he could. Even Leo was startled, considering the amount of strength the man was using. Did he get something really incredible?

A few moments later, a large, black, burnt rock was pulled out of the well. Leo was dumbfounded. That looked useless. Then, his fancy contact lenses which he had finally put on after a long time, started going crazy.

"Baizin charcoal!" three voices said together. The difference was that the two old men sounded excited, while Leo was confused. But the confusion didn't last long, as his lenses quickly provided him with the information.

Bloody hell, this was immortal level material!

"Young man, it seems like you have good eyesight," said the man who fished out the charcoal as he lifted it with his spirit sense and brought it close to himself to admire.

"Does the well always give things this valuable?" Leo asked. He recalled that it had fished out a system before, and now it had fished out a very rare material that could be used to create ink for Immortal level talismans. Maybe he had made the well wait too long before trying it himself.

"No, most of the time the items are worthless. But if you fish enough, you're bound to get something good. It's a nice passtime."

"Next is my turn," said the man with gray hair as he grabbed the rod and flung the hook into the well. "To be honest, the most valuable thing I found myself is not too useful for me. It was a pill that could help a Nascent cultivator in their cultivation. Most items are far below even that in value. But the novelty of the well just never wears off. It's great value."

"Plus, no matter how we try, we can't use divination to predict what we'll get. It's quite interesting."

"Oh, you two are diviners?" Leo asked, as he summoned a lawn chair and sat beside the two old men.

"Yes, some time ago, we accompanied some brats here for a big event. The timing was pretty great, for our realms went to war while we were gone. It was crazy how suddenly it happened. Even we hadn't predicted it, but now back home everyone thinks we saw it coming and ran away. Whatever, we were long overdue for a vacation anyway."

Leo raised an eyebrow. So far… all he had heard was about the things these two couldn't predict. Were they really diviners?



Chapter 956 Library of Heaven

﻿﻿"My name is Leo," he finally introduced himself after deciding it did not matter if they were charlatans or real diviners. It wasn't as if he was there for that.

"Burgan," said the man who pulled out the Baizin charcoal.

"Harambe," said the old man with gray hair who was fishing.

"Are you guys planning on staying at the Inn for a while?" Leo asked, curious about their plans. There were only a few guests left at the Inn, so he could finally take some time to get to know his guests once more.

"Well, we need to decide what we're going to be doing first. Do we head back, do we wait, do we try to help in some other way," said Burgan while he stored his newfound treasure away.

"If it were any other emergency, I'd say we sit and take a vacation," Harambe chimed in. "But a realm war is different. If we don't report back at all, the realm owners may put bounties out on us and declare us criminals. It's very annoying."

Leo took this opportunity to ask many questions about realm wars, since the two of them seemed knowledgeable. It could help him a lot once his own realm was formed.

While they did not specifically name their realm, they did let him know that the highest cultivation level in their realm was Heavenly immortal, and the realm at war with them was similar.

Their war did not seem to be anywhere near the scale of realm wars discussed by Cassandra, but it was brutal nonetheless. Another interesting thing that Lex learned was that compared to the Origin realm, the time in their realm seemed to pass by faster!

Time difference was something had not experienced yet, but he wondered if his new realm would exhibit it.

Eventually, after a few minutes of waiting, Harambe too fished something out, but it was nothing more than a picture of an oversized gorilla. Burgan did not miss this opportunity to laugh at his friend, but Leo was not in the mood to do the same.

He took hold of the metal fishing rod and swung it around, getting a feel for the oddly flexible pole. The reel was attached to the tip of the rod, and at the end of the reel was a three-faced hook.

How far the reel went was completely up to fate. The only thing that Leo could do was move the fishing rod left or right, guiding the hook as it traveled through the unknown/

It had taken him much longer than it should have, but he was finally about to try the Fishing well. At 5000 MP per attempt, this well was not cheap, and yet it was one of his busiest services.

He wondered if he could pull out a system from it too. That would be pretty cool.

Without further ado, he cast the reel in the well. He expected to get some kind of feedback from the reel or the rod, but honestly, it felt just as if he were actually fishing in a well.

"Has anyone tried to peek in the well while fishing?" Leo asked the two, as an impulse struck him. But of course, he already knew the answer. If anyone approached the well, it would deactivate, and the attempt would be wasted. There was no way to cheat.

"Kid, the only thing that can help you is any fishing experience you have. I know a lot of old geezers who have created ponds in their own homes and have started practicing fishing just so that they have more expertise when their turn comes. I heard there was even a trend of trying to fish with a straight hook among fans of the well. They've sworn an oath to fish nowhere other than this well, so even when they practice, they don't intend to catch anything, as if it will be sacrilege to the well."

Ah, so the Midnight Inn had started yet another ridiculous trend. Excellent.

Leo was moving the rod left and right randomly, completely unable to tell where the hook was going. For a few minutes he felt nothing, and just as he began to wonder if something had gone wrong, the line became taut.

"Pull quickly! If you let it wait, the line will snap!" both the old men exclaimed and Leo did just that.

The resistance he felt was extremely familiar. It wasn't that of something resisting his line and trying to escape. Instead, it was spatial friction. He channeled his spirit sense through the line and eased its passage, until he finally managed to pull out… a book!

To his great and genuine surprise, the hardcover book he had pulled out was written in english, and was titled "the effects of concentrated spiritual energy on inanimate, soul dead, and crafted objects".

The name of the author was missing, but a quick search through the pages revealed that the book was extremely well formatted, and seemed to discuss things in great detail.

"Hey, hey, hey, that's a good find," Burgan said, as he looked at the book in Leo's hand with interest.

"From the looks of it, that's a book from the Library of Heaven!" Harambe exclaimed.

"Hey kid, if you manage to return one of their lost books, you could potentially even get a free membership!"

For a moment Leo thought they were just consoling him since all he found was a book, but the envy in their eyes seemed all too real, not to mention that their gaze was fixed on the book.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"What's the Library of Heaven?" he asked, wondering if Vera meant for him to find this book, or get access to that library. Maybe the reward was actually both.

"It's a living library. It has the largest repository of knowledge in the entire universe. It moves from place to place, so I can't tell you where it might be. But if you ever come across it, and return one of its books, you'll at least get a reward if not a membership. Once you're a member, you can access the library from anywhere in the universe."



Chapter 957 Getting down to business

Leo nodded along to the two as he switched with Burgan, and sat down on his lawn chair. The two friends began to talk again with one another, while Lex began to read through the book.

With his speed, reading the whole book in a detailed and thorough manner would not take more than a couple of hours at most. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

It was quite educational, and started to discuss not only what happened when certain objects were put in energy dense places, but why that happened as well. It was quite interesting, because it immediately made him think of Qawain, the Inn's resident sword expert, who also happened to be a sword.

His appearance was very misleading because he looked like a human, but he only did that with his powers since he was an Immortal. In truth, was and remained even now a sword that had gained self awareness and then had cultivated itself. This was a result of the sword binge exposed to some extremely unusual energy types in very high concentration.

Before he could read the book much further, and delve into the secrets it held, the two old men called him because it was his turn yet again. Just to be sure that he did not miss any opportunities, he put the book away for now and decided to continue fishing.

Who knew, maybe he could gain something extremely valuable or interesting. Later, when he was convinced he had taken all the benefits that the well had to offer, for a short time at least, he would once again continue reading the book. He had not forgotten that soon, the entire Inn would be flooded with incredible energy.

For hours, the three continued to fish and chat with one another. The family that was having a picnic nearby came in, and as it turned out they were a part of the old men's retinue. They brought more food, which Leo no longer rejected since it wasn't from his failure of a cook apparently.

During this time, he went fishing 21 more times, and his haul was mostly mundane. Actually, they were quite valuable, but Leo was rich so it made no difference to him. Only one item seemed interesting.

It was a manual for creating an item literally called a time capsule. Making one encompassed some of the steps involved in treasure manufacturing, which Leo was not too familiar with, but he found the item interesting nevertheless.

It was more of a novelty item than anything. The concept was simple. The time capsule would have a sturdy body, as well as the capacity to hold an enlarged space. Whoever was creating the capsule could add things into it, and set a certain time. The time capsule would not open before that time elapsed.

There were other ways of setting the opening requirement, such as feeding it certain specific types of energies, or giving it enough water or heat. Basically, it all depended on the creator.

Since cultivators lived so long, items like these were quite popular, and many cultivators would leave behind trinkets, gifts or their treasures which were no longer useful for the future generations. Or it could be a way to preserve old memories.

Either way, Leo liked it, and decided to throw out a few with various items in them, though he'd most probably end up throwing out golden keys for the Inn.

But ultimately that too was just a novelty item, and did not attract his attention the way the book did. After parting ways with the two old men, and wishing them luck, Leo returned to his apartment and removed his glasses, once again returning to his baby size.

He found his favorite spot atop the dragon, and continued to read the book. The way that it educated him on the dynamics of energy and existence, and how certain materials which can act as a container for souls become sentient objects under those circumstances was explained in just a simple yet thorough way was amazing. If the temple was perfect for receiving training, then the books from this library were the best possible source to learn from.

It went beyond just certain items coming to life. It elaborated on how certain treasures were born, how to predict the kind of treasures that would be created as well as their grade, and so much more.

Lex originally thought he could go through the whole book in a couple of hours, but he was wrong. The size of the book was deceiving, and the knowledge it contained was extensive. After several hours of reading, he had to take a break, not only to contemplate on what he learnt, but also to cultivate. After that, he would need to start taking precautions.

He had just realized that his Inn was perfectly primed for almost everything to either come to life, or turn into extremely valuable treasures. That in itself was not an issue, but there was no way in hell that Lex was just going to sit around and let his cultivation mat, also known as the dragon he frequently sat on, come to life!

Was that the reason that the Inn was destroyed in his visions? The dragon came to life, destroyed the Inn and then ran away. Many years later, it would track him down and kill him?

That seemed a little far fetched, which is exactly why Lex believed it could happen. Because only absolutely crazy and absurd things happened to him. Since when has his life made sense?

He began cultivating, and just like that, another day passed him by. He was getting closer and closer to the day of the new realm being born. He could not help but feel excited, but then he suppressed that excitement.

He teleported to his office, and put on his Host Attire. It was time for the Innkeeper to get down to business, starting with meeting the sovereign turtle. From what he recalled, he had a clone tree of a very powerful celestial immortal in his Inn. He needed to make sure that would not turn into a problem for him - and it would be just one of many things he needed to address.



Chapter 958 Let them sleep

﻿﻿The Galactic Sovereign turtle showed up with an entire entourage in tow. Atop its shell sat Zen, the small sentient patch of grass which had reached the immortal level but had a very weak body, in a flowering pot. Young McDonald, the reincarnation of Igishima, and the plant responsible for the vast network of vines underneath the Inn also came along, somehow detached from the rest of its body temporarily.

Little Blue, who had gotten much larger now, was happily swimming in the air around the turtle. It had a few streaks of gold on its skin, as well as a couple of unusual and probably unfinished growths on its back. It looked like it was about to sprout wings.

The Gardener, who had been absent from the Inn for a very long time, was also following along. He seemed happy, for once, rather than upset over his ruined art. A few dozen workers followed along as well, most of whom Lex was meeting as the Innkeeper for the first time.

This was, more or less, the main work force for the Greenhouse - or at least the upper management of it. Among just insects, there were over thirteen million worms, around two million bees and just as many butterflies and ladybugs. There were also countless beasts, and two interns who were actually guests but had become addicted to working at the greenhouse. A scan of them had revealed that they were actually werewolves.

There were countless other workers as well now, considering that the Greenhouse had grown massive in size. Just tending to the plants everyday was a massive task, despite the automation of the Inn. Besides, sprinkling all the plants with water from the Well of Invigoration, which could boost plant growth, was something that needed to be done manually.

"Welcome everyone. I'm glad you all came as quickly as possible," said the Innkeeper, his relaxing tone tinged with a hint of urgency. "As you all know, the Inn is about to undergo a massive renovation, and that will be followed by an as of yet unprecedented wave of energy. To avoid every single blade of grass and fallen leaf becoming sentient, as well as the rest of the flora, we will need to take many precautions, so we have no time to lose.

"For the most part, I will let you decide on your own what precautions you want to take, but turtle, you will need to put the clone tree in the greenhouse to sleep. You must order the tree to go into a deep, deep slumber from which it won't wake up any time soon. But you have to do so in exactly 10 days, right before the big change.

"For everything else, I will leave it up to you. I want to see what you can come up with. Give me a list of our biggest concerns, and how you plan to handle them."

Little Zen immediately raised its hand, as if it was a child seeking permission to speak. The Innkeeper chuckled warmly, but nodded towards Zen, letting him speak.

"Are we going to suppress 'all' the plants, or can we let some of them wake up? That mushroom near the Fire temple would be a lot easier to take care of if it could respond. All it does is gobble up divine energy, ignoring everything else."

Lex was not concerned too much about the plants that were naturally born in the Inn, as they would automatically become subordinates of the Inn. Letting a few of them wake up should not be a problem, but he did not want to allow too many to do so, just to avoid any unforeseen problems.

"If you all think that it will be beneficial, then you can select which plants you want to leave alone so that they get a chance of gaining sentience. Treat this meeting as a performance review. I want to see how you plan to address this issue, and what strategies you can come up with."Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Truthfully, Lex was not delegating work just to get rid of it. He wanted to nurture competent subordinates, and wanted to see if they could come up with any ideas that he had overlooked. After all, they were the ones dealing with the greenhouse all day everyday. Their exposure was different from Lex's.

"They are children, you should let them wake," the turtle muttered begrudgingly.

The Innkeeper raised an eyebrow out of curiosity. He knew better than to dismiss the turtle, after all, he was the only one who could influence the system externally!

"Are you sure that's a wise idea? Do you know how many blades of grass alone there are in the entire Inn, let alone trees, vines, bushes, shrubs, moss, and more? Will you be able to control all of them if they all wake up?"

The turtle summoned forth a vine and used it to rub its chin, as if it was thinking. But it did not take long to come to a conclusion.

"Sleeping is good for children's growth," the turtle said, as if content to let the plants stay dormant. "But we need some to awaken. Without Nymphs, Tree spirits, Dryads and Spring Fairies, it will be difficult to grow magical plants."

"Which is why I'm allowing you to pick who to wake up," the Innkeeper said, as if this was a part of his plan all along.

The discussion began with all of the plant folk chiming in. They were surprisingly organized and well informed about which plants were the most likely to wake up, even now. They were also extensively educated about what type of mutations the plants were most likely to undergo if they woke up.

Their meeting lasted for hours because the flora was just too diverse, and the turtle wanted at least one of each type of plant to wake up.

When it finally ended, they finally exited, and another group of workers was ready to come in. Gerard, Velma, Luthor and Hera walked in. They were next.



Chapter 959 Sentience facilitation and inhibition

﻿﻿Gerard, Luthor and Velma were used to meeting the Innkeeper, and while they remained respectful, they were not nervous. Hera, on the other hand, was incredibly nervous though she was trying not to show it.

She was no longer nearly as ignorant as she once was, and now understood exactly what kind of entity the Innkeeper was. The Midnight Inn was much more powerful than the Jotun empire, at least as far as she knew. The Inn used to be filled with countless soldiers from the empire when it was still operating normally, and even they remained completely respectful of the Inn's workers.

Moreover, as she spent time with more of the workers, she got to hear more and more of their gossip, though the poor fellows did not even realize they were gossiping. The Emperor of the Jotun Empire had come to the Inn with his wife, and spent a very long time here.

The devils, who seemed to have surpassed the Jotun empire as well, also filled the Inn, and remained respectful as well. In fact, she was sometimes unnerved by how respectful these overwhelmingly strong fellows were to her. She did not even know the names of the realms they were in, that is how weak she was comparatively.

That was because the respect was not earned by her, but came due to the ever grand prestige of the Innkeeper!

"Welcome all of you," said the Innkeeper, his voice calm and confident, his figure tall and magnificent. "We have important matters to discuss, so please have a seat."

The Innkeeper waved his hand, and a cup of tea appeared in front of all of them. The tea was nothing too special. It only had the effect of calming the emotions of whoever drank it. Hera's nervousness was apparent at a glance, but instead of singling her out or telling her to relax, he just offered everyone tea.

"The Inn is about to undergo some extremely major renovations, and we need to make a few preparations. There are many things that need to be taken care of, so let's just jump in. First things first, I expect that during the renovation, the Inn will undergo a change similar to the one it experienced in the star upgrade. This means that all workers will likely be incapacitated, as well as any guests. We should also subsequently prepare for multiple breakthroughs. Instead of deciding for myself, I would first like you all to plan the necessary precautionary steps to take at that time.

"At the same time, there will be many more events taking place but I do not expect any of the staff to be able to respond. So we need to make preparations beforehand. Many items and objects in the Inn are expected to gain sentience during the shift. I have already discussed how to handle the plants with the turtle, but you all will handle the remaining potential targets.

"Among those that I suspect will gain sentience, you have to prepare a plan to facilitate the process for some, and inhibit the process for others. To start with, I expect the flying ship up in the air to gain sentience. I am fine with that, but I hope it follows the path of A.I. rather than a treasure spirit. I want you to draw up a plan to ensure that is the path it follows.

"Next up is the Midnight Mountain. I am once again fine with it gaining sentience, but it should follow the path of a nature spirit, and not something similar to the Mountain-man."

Lex had actually procured some spirit stone seeds, which were basically the core for spirit stone mines. After being nurtured they had the potential to give birth to new veins of spirit stone. He had buried all of those underneath the Midnight mountain, so he was expecting it to give birth to numerous valuable ores and spirit stones after the evolution.

For almost another hour, Lex briefed them on what he expected could gain sentience. Candidates included lakes, rivers, buildings, monuments, sky lanterns, the Orient, the flying city, the soul hearth, and more. Lex had not made up this list on his own, but made deductions based on what he read from the book he recently found.

The book even provided guidance on how to facilitate the kind of growth Lex wanted these landmarks, monuments and items to exhibit, but he wanted his workers to try and handle the situation before he gave suggestions of his own.

But items that could gain sentience were only the beginning of the meeting. There was so much more planning that was needed.

"Among others, we have two Rhinocentaurs as prisoners. Suffice to say, there is no point in letting them experience the benefits of the upgrade. Think of a way to block them as best as you can."

"What are we planning on doing with those two prisoners?" Luthor asked hesitantly. Leo, or rather Lex, was supposed to interrogate them, but he never got around to it.

"They're from a powerful organization. They're being used as bait to see how the organization behind them reacts. Will they negotiate their freedom, or find a way to retaliate? Just keep them as prisoners for now. More importantly, how many golf carts should we allow to gain sentience? This is something you will need to think of carefully Gerard, for they will be under you in the security department.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"Velma, I want you to carefully document this entire process and place all the records you make in the Library. This will be a part of the Midnight inn's chronicles, so be sure to be thorough."

The meeting continued for hours more, and Lex was eventually forced to end it early so that they would not become completely overwhelmed by this entire process. He would just handle the tasks he hadn't been able to assign them himself.

Lex teleported back to the dragon, and began reading the book once more. He wanted to learn as much from it as possible, for the book was giving him insight he never would have achieved on his own.



