Chapter 1070 Welcome to the family

﻿﻿"Alright, which one of you did that?" Lex screamed as he conjured a dozen arrays around his cart to boost the speed. He looked suspiciously towards Lilith, who had to be instructed not to kill someone, but discovered that she too was taken aback by the meteor hurling down towards them.

That's when he recalled Luthor wanting to set up a surprise. He looked up, and sure enough, the flames on that meteor seemed all too familiar. Luthor had completely mastered the flames, making them even more powerful than the ones he encountered back in his test in the temple.

He shook his head, hoping that meteors were the only surprise, when his cart suddenly jerked. A lasso made entirely of energy appeared around his cart without warning, and pulled him backwards. The next second, Cindy zoomed past him.

"Thanks for the boost," she said, dissipating the lasso.

Lex chuckled. They were going to play games with him?

Domination, Glyphs, sword intent and countless arrays all appeared around him at once as he tried to regain his spot in the lead. But his opponents were not pushovers either. Gerard had unleashed the power of his bloodline that had undergone two evolutions.

Regalia Bloom allowed him to channel energy through other objects. In his case, he was treating his entire golf cart as the object, and everything around him as the source of energy. He did not even dodge the flaming meteor, and instead directly crashed into it. But instead of resulting in a devastating explosion, it only provided him with an enormous amount of energy which he used to boost his cart ahead of the others.

Lilith summoned black vapors that surrounded her, and painted everything they touched black, suddenly empowering them. The aura she started to exude was deep and powerful, and reminded Lex of a devil he met long ago.

On instinct, he could not help but recall the information he read about Lilith. It was something he did - a small, subconscious part of him was constantly monitoring and recording information about his guests, or at least it did that when he still had the Host Attire.

He recalled her full name which nearly caused him to slam the breaks on his cart! Dammit, was he about to witness a live recreation of the light novels where a rich dads daughter falls in love with a broke man?

Gerard was not exactly without a background, and he was not broke either. But could he compare to Lilith Val Kilger? The last name sounded familiar because it was exactly the same as Loretta Pendal Val Kilger, the daughter of a Dao Lord! Was Lilith her sister? No wonder the aura she exuded felt so similar.

This brought a whole new meaning to when Cindy told him that Lilith had never dated anyone. Who would have the guts to date the daughter of a Dao Lord? Probably, only the child of another Dao Lord!

Lex felt like he was about to get a headache. As if he didn't have enough problems to deal with. But it should be fine, right? The Midnight Inn also supposedly had a Dao Lord, so they should be equal, right?

He could not help but think back to the feedback his instincts had given him. Was being the daughter of a Dao Lord considered baggage? He felt like grumbling, but instead just focused on the race. He was already falling behind.

Since he was already in dangerous territory, he might as well at least win the race.

A part of him wondered if he should employ a 'no dating guests' policy. But considering that Harry had already married a guest, it was a little late to employ such tactics. Speaking of Harry, the fast winds and brutal shockwaves of countless explosions kept assaulting him, but not a single hair on his head had moved. That was some mighty fine hair gel the guy was using.

The race continued, and Lex became even more ferocious in his attempts to win. He showed absolutely no mercy, but his foes were not ordinary either. While Domination completely suppressed others, both Cindy and Lilith had a higher cultivation than him, and so were able to resist it easily.

The Glyphs, on the other hand, drew a strong reaction from them, as even they could not escape it unaffected. As expected from the means used by dragons.

But the one person he never even managed to attempt to affect was Gerard. His racing skills had improved drastically since the Grand Prix, and his use of his bloodline was the perfect augmentation.

WIthout his bloodline he was an expert driver, but with it he was untouchable. No amount of meteors or attacks from others slowed him down at all, and even Domination reached him, he would pit the others against Lex so that he would need to focus on them instead of him.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

In the end, Lex accepted defeat - mainly because he had no choice in the matter.

Lex actually came in third, behind Lilith, which caused him to grumble a bit. He was enjoying being unchallenged in the Midnight realm so much that he forgot that it was, in fact, his own Inn that was filled with countless experts much more powerful than him. He should practice being humble. Yes, he was totally humble.

Lex resisted the urge to glare at Gerard, and instead congratulated him on a well earned win. But he hardly got a word in, because Lilith was exceptionally excited by Gerard's win, likely even more than if she had won herself. Lex could see a hint of obsession in her eyes, but he chose to ignore it for now.

From the finish line, the entrance to the Icy caverns was visible, and apparently a scrumptious meal was waiting for them inside, so the group slowly began to make their way inside.

It was tough to get a word in between the two since Gerard and Lilith were practically stuck together, but Lex at least needed to probe Liliths intentions. This was no longer about respecting their privacy, as he wanted to know if her father would have opinions about her dating Gerard. There was also the chance, however small, that she just shared a last name with Loretta and was in fact not related. Lex didn't believe it, but hypothetically speaking it was possible.

Finally, when they reached the heart of the cavern, surrounded by beautiful clear crystals wrapped in vines that pulsed with a giant, white light, Lex found an opportunity. The sight was mesmerizing, as if they were giants walking through a spiraling galaxy, and because of their higher realms, they could appreciate it much more than a mortal ever could.

After they took the sight in for a moment, Gerard noticed that their table was set but there was no food. He excused himself for a moment to go check what happened. Ordinarily, Lex would have told him to stay and gone to check himself, but this time he allowed him to go, and stepped up beside Lilith.

"I'm a little late in saying this, but congratulations on coming second. It's not so simple to beat me in a race," Lex said, forgetting that he was supposed to be humble.

"Thank you. You put up quite a fight, though Gerard has mentioned you're quite adept at teleportation. Had you used that, the race would have been over from the start."

"Where's the fun in that? You have to earn your win. Just like you. The aura on your black vapors reminded me of the time I met Loretta. If your powers are anything like hers, then I imagine you could have skipped right to the front as well."

Technically, Lex had no idea what Loretta's powers were. But that wasn't the point. The point was to mention that Lex was aware of her background.

He looked at her, and saw a frozen expression. Lilith clearly hadn't expected anyone to realize her background so easily. After all, she had not mentioned it to anyone, and Cindy wouldn't either.

"You've met Loretta?"

"It was pure happenstance. Her father was meeting with the Innkeeper, and she was at the Inn so I had the chance. Unfortunately, I didn't get the opportunity to get to know her properly."

Lex said nothing, and he was even smiling as he spoke, but the seriousness in his eyes was not easy to overlook. He was telling her clearly that he knew her background thoroughly.

For a moment, she did not speak, as if gathering her thoughts.

"I have a big family. Even I've never had the chance to meet Loretta. As for my father… I've never even spoken to him, let alone had the opportunity to meet with him. These kinds of things are common in cultivator families."

"I'm not really qualified to comment on anyone else's family. Mine is pretty strange as well. But the Midnight Inn is my family now. The last time a devil messed with Gerard and the rest, I tossed them into the void. I imagine anyone else in the Midnight Inn would do the same."

Lilith turned her head sideways and looked at Lex with a smile.

After a moment, she said, "did you know that among some older devil families, it is customary for a guardian to threaten a new member of the family, especially if they're joining as a spouse? If a threat is not given, it's as if the new member is too weak or incompetent to make a difference."

Lex's fake smile froze. Did he just give her his blessing to marry Gerard?



Chapter 1071 Exhausting

﻿﻿Before Lex could clarify the situation, Gerard came back, holding a picnic basket. It didn't matter, he'd said what he needed to say, and somewhat understood her situation. But just because she thought that her father who was a Dao Lord did not pay attention to her did not mean that was what the situation was.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

It still required some caution, but it was not like he was going to stop Gerard. After all, maybe this was a way for Dao Lord to build connections. Now that Lex had a better understanding of the power Dao Lords had, he knew that the distance between realms was no real gap to them, and it should be even more so when keeping track of their progeny.

There was a chance that the Inn's Destiny protection kept them from looking in on their kids, but considering that the system was barely functioning at the moment, that was hard to imagine.

The dinner went nicely, and since they were all seated together, instead of only talking amongst themselves, Gerard and Lilith included the other two in the conversation as well. They were both so in sync that it felt like he and Cindy were being hosted by the couple.

Afterwards, Gerard took out some smart phones from the picnic basket and gave everyone each. The phones were connected to the Midnight Inns own portal, which was basically just like its own internet. As of right now there wasn't much on it, but at least they could communicate with each other as long as they were in the Inn.

With time, more and more features would be added to it. Lex eventually planned on spreading this across the entire realm without disclosing its origin, and eventually launching various services through it.

He once read a novel about a universal internet of sorts that could do everything from teleportation to mail delivery to selling goods and services across the entire universe. He did not expect for his portal to reach the level of a fantasy novel, but it would be pretty cool if everyone started using it.

Then he too could be a proper capitalist and do evil things like steal user data. Enh, no, he meant, improve the user experience after reviewing usership logs.

The group exchanged contact information and even created a groupchat, before finally heading back towards the Silent Wanderer.

The date was both mentally and emotionally exhausting for Lex, so he was glad when it was finally over. He wanted to say something like kids grow up so fast, but he was for certain taking his time with his body growing up.

But Lex had a rare break waiting for him now. Since the system was absorbing the newborn system, and he still had to figure out his plan for getting the remaining resin before actually going to get them, he allowed himself a break.

After all, as a baby, he was supposed to be getting regular sleep and eating three times a day, both of which he had been ignoring. So finally, after a long time, Lex took a steaming hot shower and threw himself into bed.

By now, he had gained some level of control over his ability to divine in his dreams, but he wasn't in the mood to put in work while sleeping, so he used the technique, and then went to sleep.

What followed was a strange experience because Lex was clearly asleep, but at the same time, fairy Lex was awake. So… he was both asleep and awake at the same time. Should he synchronize when they both sleep to avoid the strange sensation?

Even if he did that in the future, he couldn't right now because fairy Lex was undergoing the trial to gain the friendship for the Shadow Talons.

It was actually quite straightforward. They brought him, through the shadow plane, to a spot in the actual Midnight realm that was far away from where he actually entered. It looked like an Island in the Chaos sea, surrounded by the liquid that seemed to contain endless stars.

But the island was fairly small, not even a mile across, and was completely bare. The only distinguishing feature of the entire island was a hole in the ground that looked particularly menacing.

To pass the trial, all he had to do was go to the end of the hole, grab a pearl from one of the Null clams, and bring it back. The fact that Lex could not specifically recall anything about this island or hole meant that it should not be too prominent. It didn't help that he had no idea where it was.

But he went in. Of course, the hole was far from simple. It was not the dangerous monsters, traps or pitfalls that gave Lex trouble though. It was how strangely space was behaving in the hole.

The hole had many twists and turns, and branches that split off and went in different directions, so it was fairly obvious that most of it was dark. Lex's fairy dust was not exactly helpful either, since the darkness here was strange and oppressive, but only towards light. Every grain of fairy dust he produced seemed to be smothered by the darkness, fizzling out just as it was born. Lex himself remained unharmed, and if he really tried to produce light the darkness could not prevent it, but it did fight against the light.

Since Lex didn't really need light to see, he continued on without it, as he got the sense that he was earning the holes ire by summoning light on his own. But that's where the second issue came in.

Moving in a straight line did not mean he actually traveled in a straight line, and there were times where he felt like he had been transported through space entirely, yet the hole always looked the same so he couldn't tell.

It was becoming an issue, because only once the other Lex went to sleep did fairy Lex realize he had been in this hole for days.



Chapter 1072 New abilities

﻿﻿Besides messing with his awareness of space, or perhaps moving him through space, it was also messing with his concept of time. He only felt like a few hours had passed, at most. Only when the strange feedback he got from being awake and asleep at the same time distracted him from his environment did he realize that, in fact, he had already spent days inside the hole.

For others, Lex imagined that the difficulty of the hole would be the strange creatures that blended perfectly within the darkness, remaining completely undetected. It was a fair assumption, since they were also fairly powerful, almost reaching the Golden core level, not to mention their fangs and claws all contained a powerful poison.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

But for himself they weren't even worth considering. The first time he encountered them he was surprised. He was not used to not being warned by his instincts, but his fairy body could not replicate them. He also wasn't so adept at fighting in this new body yet, nor did it have the incredible defense he normally boasted.

But Lex had, after all, plenty of combat experience, and sword intent. After he cut down the first of the creatures, which would then dissolve back into the darkness as if they had no real bodies at all, he employed his Glyph that gave him a powerful presence.

Since then, any shadow creatures, as he named them, that he encountered would immediately reveal themselves and prostrate themselves before him. At that point, he couldn't even bring himself to use them as target practice. It was just as hard to hit a shadow creature worshiping you as it was to hit a smiling face. All he could do after that was explore the hole. Since there was no real time limit he was not worried, but it wasn't like he wanted to spend all year here.

After he paused, he came up with various methods he could use to try and overcome this hurdle, but there was one in particular that he was interested in trying. He cut out a platform for himself to sit on, and placed his Glyph right above himself. Then he began to cultivate.

Although fairies weren't supposed to have affinities, per se, he had discovered that fairies were really strange and defied common sense.

In fact, Lex personally felt like the thing holding them back most was not the curse but their personalities. If they had more aggressive or more ambitious personalities, then with all the tools they had at their disposal they would be practically unstoppable.

That was also why he wanted to see what would happen if he cultivated in this dark region. Would he absorb its strange properties? There was only one way to find out.

As he began his cultivation, alongside spirit energy, his body began to absorb the darkness as well. It was as if… the darkness itself was energy of a specific nature. But alongside the darkness, the creatures began to turn into dust, and got pulled alongside the darkness right into Lex's body!

Lex himself felt nothing different, and kept cultivating for hours, right up until baby Lex woke up. The sudden shift let him know that he once again spent a long time cultivating, so he slowly wrapped up.

When he opened his eyes, Lex was surprised to find that the atmosphere in the hole had changed. The overbearing darkness had changed into normal darkness, and all the creatures were gone.

He checked his body and was pleasantly surprised to find that he had broken through to the Golden core with his fairy body. That was easy. More importantly, Lex felt a connection, not to any element, but to the shadow plane.

Suddenly, a few things made sense to Lex, and he also realized he had gained a few abilities.

Firstly, the reason he kept getting lost was because within this hole, for whatever reason, the shadow plane was leaking out and mixing with everything else. He was not moving through space, he was moving through shadows!

He could not wrap his head around why that worked the way it did. Even with his spatial ability, his understanding of space was in its initial stages compared to the proper complexity of what space really constituted. The shadow plane made even less sense to him. But it was what it was. He didn't need to understand why it was happening to know that it was happening.

Secondly, while his body did not gain any affinity, it did hardcode a specific affinity into his body which when activated resulted in an ability. Oddly enough, the ability had nothing to do with shadows, but instead granted him stealth. Both he and his fairy dust would become visible, and lose all aura and presence.

Thirdly, the last ability he gained was to do with navigation. He would be able to channel laws related to the shadow plane, which meant that he wouldn't get lost in it at least.

With his problem solved, Lex once again started traveling through the tunnels, this time without the Glyph. He wanted to see if his stealth worked on the shadow creatures.

Soon he returned to a portion of the tunnel containing the more malevolent darkness filled with nightmares that had taken to worshiping Lex, and it felt like home. He could see through not only the darkness, but the folds of the planes in the hole, and saw them as shortcuts - if used correctly.

He also remained completely undetected to all creatures. Even when he reached the end of the hole, and found the Null clams, they did not respond to him. When he opened them up and grabbed their pearls, they only became confused, but did not realize someone had come in.

Fifteen minutes later, Lex had made his way out. He had also thought of the perfect name for his second clone to go by, especially since he had a ship he planned on keeping with him.

From now on, he would be…



Chapter 1073 Nearly a month

﻿﻿There were only a few Shadow Talons outside the hole when Lex exited, and they were taken aback at the sight of him.

"I'm almost offended by how shocked you look," Lex joked. "Let's head back, shall we. I have things I need to do, and I'm excited about the modifications to my ship."

The Shadow Talons immediately escorted him back, and Lex was pleased to learn that although he still could not make sense of why everything was a shadow in this plane, he could navigate much more easily.

When he was finally brought before the Shadow talon who had promised him freedom from being chased, he too was surprised to find Lex back.

"Have you already succeeded?" he asked, disbelief evident in his voice.

"Naturally," Lex said, producing the pearl. "I hope with this you can finish the misunderstandings between us. I've been very patient, but if your people still keep bothering me then there will be problems."

"No, proud though we may be, the Shadow Talons honor tradition and legacy above all else. Since you have proven yourself, you are now a friend to all of us. Come, I will take you to the monument of recognition, where you can leave a trace of your aura as well as your name, for all Shadow talons to see."

Lex nodded. He was actually looking forward to announcing his new name. At first, he had thought of taking on the name Jack Eagle, after a very famous pirate from back on earth. But Lex did not want anyone to accuse him of plagiarism. Besides, he was perfectly capable of coming up with a completely original, and in no way associated with anything on earth. It was not like he had to make a reference with his name.

So, he decided that since his clone was supposed to be lowkey and hidden, he would go for a mundane name that would not attract any attention. That is why Lex felt pretty good about himself as he carved his name up on the monument of recognition: Jack Daniels.

Yup, his completely original name that was in no way connected to anything from earth, was meant to be a sign and an omen of how under the radar and lowkey he planned on being with this identity. With such a common name, he did not expect to attract any attention whatsoever. Just calm waters from here on out.

"As it happens," began the elder Shadow Talo, "we are throwing a celebratory party for a great victory we have won against our enemies. We would be honored if you join us, Jack Daniels."

"Please, just call me Jack," he said, feeling the name out. It was not so bad. He could really get used to it. There was something very grounding about being called Jack. "It's been a while since I went to a party I didn't throw. This will be fun."

"Excellent! Ollie has been looking forward to seeing you again. I think he had developed a fondness for your ship."

"Who wouldn't?" Jack asked, as he accompanied the owls to their party. "By the way, I never got to ask. Who are your enemies?"

"A most insidious breed of vermin called Royal Long Eared Bunnies!" the elder said, with absolute venom in his tone. "We have a life and death feud against them. Neither of our races can rest while the other exists. Alas, it is not so simple to fight against the denizens of the Fluffy plane."

"Yes, yes, so much fluffiness. Sounds terrible," Jack said, not giving the matter much thought. Whether it was the owls or the bunnies, he had no stakes with either. He was just looking forward to being able to hide his ship in his shadow.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Back at the Inn, Lex finished taking a shower and cultivated for a while atop the dragon, trying to focus on the immense protective power of their scales and absorbing them into himself. After all, he was determined to be able to fight Immortals long before he became an immortal.

He also took some time to teleport over to the Skittelz, grab some for himself, and one each for Gerard, Lilith and Cindy, as well as Vera. Most likely he would be paying her off for a while.

As it turned out, when he visited Vera, she mentioned that the number of Oracles who were waiting for him to help them remove shards of tribulation lightning from their souls was very high, and asked when he might be able to do it.

That was something he had completely forgotten about, but didn't mind doing because he found a great use for those lightning shards now. Sandra, the Inn worker who could control lightning, was experimenting on new types of lightning so he could give her those shards to help her out.

He spent a few hours helping them out, and then on his way out ran into Charles, who was working with John and helping him come up with a recovery as well as new cultivation plan.

By the lake, the kids were playing on the evolved Magikarpets, calling them sea-peacocks. But as it turned out, a rival gang of kids had somehow tamed the sentient 20 feet tall butterflies, and began calling them sky-peacocks, though that didn't make sense since peacocks themselves could fly, especially after their recent upgrades.

But that was the wonderful thing about kids - they didn't care if it made sense or not.

Regardless, that had resulted in conflicts between the kids, and the council of heroes, a council made up of teenagers who considered themselves leaders of the other kids, had to intervene. It was all quite dramatic, especially since the council of heroes had taken to working with the drama-cats.

The book club at the Inn was also growing in presence, and they were reading a new novel which involved using magic through cards. How absurd.

All in all, the Inn was doing well. Fenrir and Little Blue had grown more powerful, especially Little Blue, and so their adventures were now beginning to move further away from the greenhouse, which left the Sovereign Turtle with more time to actually garden.

With everything going so well, Lex found no reason to delay his plans, and began to draw a map of Menara from memory, and began to pinpoint the location of the resin as best as he could.

There was no point in waiting till the system completed repairs. He might as well have the next resin ready by then.

There were about four more pieces of resin left on this continent, and all of them were extraordinarily far from him, so it would probably take much longer to find them as well. He jotted down all the relevant information he could recall, and once everything was ready, teleported away.

His teleportation was a very useful tool, and obviously it could take him very far, but going long distances while trying to be precise was not easy. Over the next few days, Lex continued to explore the continent as he tried to find the location of the resin, and as a result, came in contact with more and more of the locals.

They were pleasant, for the most part, if a bit large. He also eventually ran into the strawberries, which was not nearly as cute as he would have imagined. They were not red because of their natural color, but because they were bathing in the blood of their enemies. It was quite gruesome.

They even attacked him, which got them nowhere. It would take more than a few fruits to harm him.

But that confidence did not last him long, because soon after, he teleported himself in a lake of concentrated acid which did, in fact, harm him quite badly. Or at least it hurt his ego, because he once again became bald.

Fortunately he had a contingency, which is that he learned a healing technique through which he could regrow hair.

Besides that, he encountered a few volcanoes, though they were all dormant. He almost felt a little disappointed.

Like that, the days went by, and eventually Lex encountered the region where the resin was. Although there was no sealed domain here, the resin remained protected as a result of another strange occurrence, which is that this entire portion of the continent had turned into a crystal that even Lex could not harm.

It was green and purple in color, and everything from the trees to the grass to the dirt and rocks had turned into that crystal. Though, it needed to be mentioned that all the plant life was still alive, even in crystal form.

Regardless, he could neither crack the crystal no matter how he struck it, nor could he travel through it as a soul. It presented him with a new challenge, and together with the help of Pel, he spent the next few weeks trying to solve it.

It took him nearly an entire month before he found a way through.



Chapter 1074 Not possible

﻿﻿Absorbing the new system gave him a 1% boost, which brought the total system repair percentage to 29%. He was just 6% away from his goal, and with a little over ten months left to somehow complete it. He was feeling good about his odds, but that would depend on how much the resin still contributed.

The strange crystal had halted his tracks for a while, to the point where Lex even considered taking Jack Daniels help. But when Jack asked the Shadow talons if they knew about the crystal and could reach within it, they told him that while their plane encompassed the crystal as well, there was no way for them to exit the plane anywhere inside of it, not that they would want to anyway.

The crystal was one of the 3 great disasters of Menara, since no one knew anything about it, and it continuously grew. Eventually there would come a time it could encompass the entire continent, or even more. It was a threat to all life. But fortunately, its rate of spread was slow, giving everyone time to come up with ideas of how to stop it.

Even Pel himself was unable to identify the crystal, at least with the limited memories he had of his previous life. As useful as he was, Lex wasn't yet ready to enhance him even more, lest he encounter some unexpected trouble. If his time as a cultivator had taught him anything, it was that just because things were supposed to go a certain way, didn't mean they would definitely go that way.

Thus it took him nearly a month to strengthen his Domination to the level where he could use a Glyph strong enough to let him pass through the crystal. The Glyph was technically supposed to target precious stones like diamonds and rubies, but if this crystal fell into that category who was he to argue? As long as it worked, he was happy.

The resin was somewhere near the origin of the crystal, unsurprisingly, and Lex absorbed it promptly, this time without eliciting some major reaction from his body. In the meantime, since he was there, he went to investigate what was causing the crystal to grow.

As it turned out, the source of everything was an egg. The egg was pretty small, only slightly larger than a chickens, and had a tiny crack on it which was leaking a strange energy which was converting everything into that crystal.

Lex felt intrigued, but did not touch the egg. His instincts were warning him it was not such a good idea, so he left. Now, he was off to find the remaining three pieces of resin.

A few days after Lex left, Jack showed up on his ship, and after deploying the same Glyph, traveled through the crystal and reached the egg. He did not try touching the egg either, but he flew over it, and began showering it in fairy dust that contained an affinity for laws relating to repairing.

About a week later, the crack on the egg healed. At that point, Jack picked up the egg, put it on his ship, and left. That is how Captain Jack Daniels saved the continent of Menara, all without anyone finding out.

For Lex, this week was spent looking for the other resin. It was not so easy to find either, and when he did, Lex faced another obstacle. This time, the reason the resin remained undiscovered was because it was within a region of Menara where the laws of reality were incomprehensibly different.

A prominent line divided the normal continent and the region where everything suddenly turned into 2D. Lex had no other way to describe it. He stood at the line and looked within, but the light being emitted from the place was so strange it gave him nausea. When he finally got used to it, he saw everything inside was 2D.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Unwilling to risk his life, despite the absence of any warning from his instincts, he threw a random animal inside and observed the changes it underwent. Besides suddenly turning 2D, there was nothing else.

He pulled the animal out, and it was still fine. So, without any further hesitation, he stepped in, and discovered that he was no longer looking at the world from his eyes. Instead, he saw himself in the third person, while he himself was a 2D character.

Fantastically, when he tried to speak, speech bubbles would appear atop his head. It was amazing. His abilities also looked much more impressive as well, only because of the vibrant colors they took on. Lex almost felt like he was inside a TV being watched by some universal deity.

Whatever the reason for this strange phenomenon was, it clearly served as the best possible seal for containing all aura and energy signatures, since they would not spread beyond the domain of the 2D realm.

It was just as he was marveling at the changes when he got his notification from the system that the repairs were complete. When he checked, his mood suddenly dropped. Previously, the resin had restored 5% of the system. This time, it restored 1%.

The drop was drastic, and though he was now at a total of 30%, if the resin continued to reduce its efficiency at the same rate, then he would never be able to bring it from 30% to 35% using the resin.

His leisurely mood dropped, and he focused once more on finding the piece of resin. But just because he had discovered its region did not mean it would be easy to find the resin. It took him several days of nonstop scouring and overcoming unexpected obstacles to find the resin, and he immediately absorbed it as well.

He tried teleporting out, but discovered that he could not teleport out of the 2D region, so he had to teleport to the border, and exit manually. Fortunately, there were no issues.

A part of him still hoped that the resin would just continue to give 1% progress, but about a week later, while he was searching for the third resin, he got a notification that he had been dreading.

The latest resin had only provided him with 0.2% repair progress.

He stopped. Although he was already close to finding the resin, Lex stopped. The resin would no longer help him. Even if there were more pieces of resin on other continents, there wouldn't be enough to help him complete his quest.

Faced with this conundrum, Lex immediately returned to the Midnight Inn and locked himself in his Meditation room. He had to carefully go over the endless sea of knowledge he had gained to look for other valuable items that may approach the resin in value. If he could find even 1 item, it would solve his problems.

But he did not think it would be so simple. He was not sure how common Dao level ingredients were, but he felt fortunate that there was even one in his realm.

If he could not find something of equal value, he might start looking for something else of at least similar value. After all, it was not necessary that only Dao level ingredients could help the System.

Unwilling to waste anymore time, Lex began to peruse his memories, and the days slowly passed him by, until another month passed. Only a little more than nine months remained of his deadline.

On one particular day, while Lex himself still had not come out, a group appeared on the horizon, visible from the walls surrounding the Inn. At first their tiny outline remained undetected, but as they approached closer, someone finally spotted them.

A number of figures were quickly approaching the Inn, from the air. The workers on the wall naturally sent the information back, but themselves continued their patrol.

An hour later, several large flying, leathery creatures could be seen, carrying a massive tube on their backs.

The creatures soon arrived, and stopped near the town that had begun to develop on the border of the Inn. From the tubes a number of other races began to descend, and the so far quiet town suddenly became crowded and rowdy. Activity could be seen even from the Inn walls.

A day passed, and at first it seemed like the new residents had just come to occupy the town. But eventually, they formed a caravan, and began to approach the gates on the boundary wall in a slow, ceremonial fashion.

Great beasts of burden carried platforms in which many of the arriving caravan members sat, and drums beat to mark each step taken by the beasts. Other, smaller races danced and played music on the sides of the caravan, and birds dropped flower petals on the road ahead of them.

With great fanfare the caravan approached the Inn, and then stopped right at the gates, even though the doors were open. A particularly small creature, similar to an imp, climbed off one of the beasts and walked through the gate holding a large scroll, and approached the Inn workers.



Chapter 1075 Sir Kanye

﻿﻿Jace was on wall patrol duty, not that he minded. He was just glad he didn't need to use his earth abilities to build anymore walls or forts. It was draining to an entirely other level, though to be fair, when his life was on the line, and so was everyone else's, exhaustion was a small price to pay for security.

Still, he was savoring this opportunity to rest, and raise his cultivation at the same time. So while patrol duty might have sounded boring to anyone else, the contrast of doing patrol with the knowledge that something out there wasn't actively hunting him and everyone else made the experience much more enjoyable.

The air was clear, the sunlight refreshing, the views great, the company even better. What more could a guy ask for?

But even if he asked for nothing, he got a parade to look at - or at least, that's what he imagined a parade would look like. But it was obvious that their target was the Inn, so Jace and the other workers positioned themselves near the gate. They would not exit the gate, but if the guests entered they would welcome them. Moreover, if they stopped at the boundary and just asked questions, they could answer.

Although most of the Inn settlements were far from the gate, there was a high speed bullet train that had been installed here by the Innkeeper before he left, to welcome any guests. In case they didn't fit in the train, there were other options as well.

In the distance, behind them, a rumbling sound came. They were used to it. The massive spaceship which had suddenly come to life and gained a fear of heights was undergoing therapy not far from here. Just last week, the ship had actually managed to fly almost 50 feet (15 meters) in the air before crashing down. Based on the sounds today, it still had not managed to return all the way to 50 feet yet.

Jace's daydreams came to an abrupt halt when he realized that an imp walked through the gates of the Inn while everyone else waited outside. The imp approached them and, after giving them a scan, locked his eyes with Jace. As if determining that Jace was the leader, the imp turned towards him and opened the scroll, blocking the view of half his body, and began reading.

"Attention, esteemed denizens of the illustrious Midnight Inn, purveyors of hospitality and moderate renown! It is with the utmost reverence and boundless elation that I, Sir Kanye Goldbloom, announce an event of monumental significance, a moment that shall undoubtedly be etched into the annals of history!

"From the resplendent and hallowed realms of the venerable Tree of Heaven, there has arrived a diplomatic emissary of unparalleled distinction, accompanied by his retinue of equally eminent and esteemed companions.

"The august arrival of this exalted delegation heralds a time of unparalleled honor and celestial favor for your Inn. No doubt, you are profoundly humbled and eternally grateful for the opportunity to host such distinguished personages. We are also pleased to elevate this establishment with our presence, and you are fortunate indeed to have the opportunity to host such exalted figures.

"Let it be known to all who dwell within these hallowed walls, and to those who shall hear of this momentous occasion, that the Midnight Inn now stands as a temporary beacon of honor, graced by the threads of destiny that we have chosen to weave here. With hearts full of benevolence and spirits alight with the brilliance of our grandeur, we extend our measured appreciation for your hospitality and anticipate the unforgettable splendor of our stay.

"In witness whereof, we mark this day as a chapter of illustrious prominence in the saga of the Midnight Inn, a testament to the boundless possibilities that arise from our celestial favor and the graciousness of the Tree of Heaven."

Jace, who was smiling throughout the frankly verbose speech could not help but twitch. Were they allowed to reject guests? He actually thought about it for a moment. But, unless the guest had broken some rules, they could not be turned away. Unfortunately, being obnoxious was not against any rule.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Welcome, Sir Kanye Goldbloom. The Midnight Inn offers refuge and sanctuary to all who follow their rules. If your… respected emissary and his retinue should wish, we can accompany them to the main settlements within."

Kanye rolled up the scroll and gave Jace a haughty look.

"A figure of sufficient stature and station must come and welcome the emissary personally, or else it shall be treated as an affront. Owing to the emissaries magnanimity, as well as the short notice, he will wait no more than eight hours. If, in such a time frame, a sufficiently qualified figure does not arrive, it will be treated as an official refusal to entertain us by the Midnight Inn."

Without waiting for a response, the imp tucked the scroll under his arm and returned. Surprisingly, Jace actually felt great relief upon hearing Kanye's request. Soon, this group would be someone else's problem.

Just as he was about to send someone to bring word to Gerard, he paused. From what he recalled, Gerard was on a date. In that case… he sent word to Luthor. He was one of the highest ranked members of the Inn. Although, deep inside his heart, Jace could not help but admit he was looking forward to seeing the imp talk to Luthor the way he had talked to him.

He snickered, and then quickly used his new mobile phone to send Luthor a text. This new Midnight portal was great. Not only did it make communication easier, it even had a bunch of cool features.

For example, he entered a groupchat and started to share what he just encountered with a group of other Inn workers and they started a betting pool guessing how long it would take for Luthor to beat up one of the guests.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.



Chapter 1076 Emissary

﻿﻿Luthor was standing in the cockpit of the Silent Wanderer, looking at an active lava site. It was actually quite far from the main settlements, and was discovered by one of the groups exploring the Inns lands to better understand and map them. Once the AI running the Midnight portal figures out how to launch satellites and keep them running and working in this environment, taking in consideration safety from any avian beasts, they would have a live map of the region. But until then, they would have to manually map everything out.

This particular lava pit was contained within a mountain range, fed by several different underground lava channels as far as he could tell.

The reasons he, in particular, had come to observe this place were quite simple. First of all, such a place would definitely help with his training of his fire abilities. Secondly, this looked like a particularly nice spot for a prison. Even the Innkeeper had agreed to a prison, so now if he could just design one around this lava pit… or maybe even inside of it…

The sound of his phone ringing woke Luthor from his daydreams. He checked and was surprised at the notification. He was needed to welcome some guests? That had never happened before.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Then he read Jace's explanation - and took a deep breath, calming himself down preemptively. As unfortunate as it was, they'd all had some experience with difficult guests.

"Mark this area down as important and let's head to the gate," Luthor said to Cirk. "I'm needed there."

The journey to the gate was swift, but it gave Luthor just enough time to enter into the right mindset. The Silent Wanderer did not land, instead it just opened up a latch and allowed Luthor to drop from the air, landing calmly atop the boundary wall, facing the caravan.

Being overly friendly was not his thing, though he remained completely respectful asn he blasted his Golden core out at the caravan, bringing the dancing to a grinding halt.

"My name is Luthor Nightshade, here to welcome the emissary from the Tree of Heaven. Welcome to the Midnight Inn. May your stay be extremely pleasant."

Once he finished his greeting, he withdrew his aura, finally allowing them to relax. To be fair, it was not his best effort at being congenial, but he got the feeling that these were people who only respect strength.

Luthor jumped down from the wall to the ground as the whole caravan once again started to move forward, this time entering through the gate.

There were well over a thousand porters, dancers, laborers and general helpers with the caravan, but the actual members of it seemed not to be even a hundred. Four particularly large beasts that looked a lot like gorillas walked up to Luthor, carrying a majestic palanquin on their shoulders.

The palanquin was at least ten feet in height and nearly two dozen feet long, so when the door opened and revealed a very tall figure, Luthor was not surprised. A treant, with a set of countless roots in the form of tentacles that pulled it out, stepped out, and revealed that it had actually been crouched the entire time.

It had no identifiable face, though within its top branches Luthor spotted a patch of oddly colored leaves which he decided to treat as its one eye.

"Salutations, Luthor Nightshade," the treant spoke, its entire body vibrating to create the sound, as it seemed to lack a mouth. "I am Count Pinophyta Salvatia, an emissary from the Tree of Heaven, and hopefully a future ambassador to the Midnight Inn. The words of your Innkeeper reached even us, and the Tree of Heaven deigned it fit to acknowledge your Inn. I look forward to meeting with the Innkeeper, and exploring all that the Inn has to offer."

Luthor nodded, keeping his expression as neutral as he could.

"The Midnight Inn welcomes you, Pinophyta. We have vast lands and many services we can offer, and all are welcome to them. If you follow me, I can lead you and your retinue to the main settlements where you can explore all the Inn has to offer. Of course, if you wish to explore the Inn on your own, you are free to do so, but in that case, I have to warn you that only the settlements and public transportation are truly safe. As for your wish to meet the Innkeeper, it will temporarily have to be delayed. The Innkeeper is occupied with some work, but the rest of the Inns workers are available to you should you need any help."

The treant did not respond immediately, and it was hard to guess what it was thinking, since it literally had no facial expressions. Maybe an expert would be able to read the movements of its leaves to determine its moods or thoughts, but Luthor was not counted among them.

"Very well. Let us first make headway towards these settlements you have mentioned, and get everyone housed. Then we can contemplate upon how to proceed. I take it that you have the authority to represent the Midnight Inn in all legal matters? As an emissary of the Tree of Heaven, I have come to discuss the terms to establish a fruitful and healthy cooperation between us."

"In the absence of the Innkeeper, there is a council that can make decisions. But whether they will need to be disturbed remains to be seen. Let's move on, and then once I hear your… requests, I can better judge how to proceed forward."

The treant had been, this entire time, letting its aura passively leak, and it too was a Golden core cultivator. In fact, it was quite strong among them within that realm, as far as Luthor could tell. But how could he ever be intimidated by someone in the same realm, let alone by someone flammable?

It was a joke. As for the Tree of Heaven, he did not take it seriously at all.



Chapter 1077 What's that?

﻿﻿The treant seemed slightly disgruntled that he would not be able to meet the Innkeeper, but did not show it too overtly as it was used to doing. Luthor was, admittedly, much stronger than Pinophyta had anticipated.

Few forces could boast Golden core cultivators, and fewer still had Golden cultivators who could actually match their might with those of the races living in the shadow of the tree of Heaven.

But then again, this much should be expected by a force which so boldly claimed itself to belong to the creator of the whole world! Now that was an absurd claim if Pinophyta ever heard one. He would not be surprised if the Midnight Inn had even more Golden core cultivators, and perhaps even a few Nascent realm cultivators. That much was, at the very least, expected.

One of the reasons Pinophyta was here, besides creating ties, was to scout out the strength of this force. What would be done with that information was none of Pinophtya's concern, as the higher ups would be the ones to decide, but one could easily guess.

After all, although the Tree of Life had given orders to make contact, it had not elaborated beyond that. Besides, the lands of Menara had long been ruled solely by the various races under the shadow of the tree. For an upstart to just appear and make such bold claims…

Once again, it was none of Pinophyta's business. But he could very well imagine that some might not take to it as kindly as others have.

He watched as his servants unloaded his and his retinue's belongings, and transferred them to the train. It was an absurd notion to ride in some metal container rather than atop a mighty beast, but some places had strange cultures. It would suffice for the more mundane members of his escort, but not for him. Besides, he was too large to fit in it anyway.

But Luthor had a solution to that as well, as he summoned some of the local peacocks who had reached the Foundation level. Upon request, they stopped suppressing the size of their bodies, and quickly grew large enough not only to carry Pinophyta, but many others alongside him as well.

But, considering how he had behaved so far, Luthor got the feeling that he might not be the biggest fan of sharing.

"Why don't we go on ahead, the other workers will bring the rest of your team. I can give you a tour along the way as well," said Luthor, doing his best to extend his hospitality. He was succeeding in doing so with everything other than his voice and facial expressions.

The treant merely nodded, agreeing to the arrangements of his host. Pinophyta had to admit that the mounts that had been arranged were quite impressive. They did not cower or tremble as he approached, and even as his roots slithered over the back of the peacock and pulled him up, it did not resist in any way. In fact, it made the mounting process much easier.

"Very well trained," he could not help but comment as Luthor climbed the second peacock.

Once they were both seated the peacocks took to the air, not flapping their wings but using a special bloodline technique that manipulated the air beneath their wings.

They did not immediately set off, as Luthor circled around the region a couple of times to observe the caravan and so thatPinophyta could get a good view of their surroundings. Then they set off.

The treant was, naturally, much more attuned with nature and the environment, so he could feel that there was something in the air that somehow made this place better for plant life than the rest of Menara, but it could not understand what.

Most of what it observed as they flew was nothing special, as a majority of the lands were undeveloped, and so were just like the rest of the continent. Then it saw a massive shape in the distance. One could almost assume it was a mountain if not for its odd shape.

"What is that?" the treant asked, it branches pointing towards a figure in the distance.

"That is Ming Jie, one of our guests at the Midnight Inn," Luthor said. "Although, most just commonly refer to him as the Mountain-man."

"That- that is a guest?" Pinophyta asked, shocked by the size of it. Although Menara housed many large species, such as the Leopolds, but even then they hardly reached the size of actual mountains!

Before it could get over the shock of the guest, it sensed something else beneath it. The ground… the ground seemed to be moving on its own! No wait, it was not the ground! It was a vast metallic body that was just very close to the ground.

"What is that?" it asked again, and pointed towards the ground.

"It's a ship. It flies through the air normally, but right now it's just hugging the ground," Luthor answered, just as impassively.

The ship, as Luthor called it, was absolutely massive! It was hundreds of miles long and just as wide, and Pinophyta could feel that it was extremely dangerous.

Before the poor treant could get over the shock he had already received, a massive pushchair being pulled by countless, beautiful undead with wings flew through the air. The baby Cthulhu was sucking on a pacifier as it looked around and tried to jump out of its chair whenever it saw something exciting. Behind it, Anita and Qawain were casually strolling through the air, a small hint of their aura surrounding the pushchair, keeping the baby in place lest it fall out.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Pinophyta tried to point once more, but the dread caused by the aura of immortals caused its brain to shut down momentarily, leaving him stuttering as he tried to comprehend a level of power their world could not technically support.

"What… what… what…" he kept repeating, right up until the pushchair flew out of sight. Luthor resisted the urge to scoff. Trees. The only things they were good for was bonfires.



Chapter 1078 Quaint charm

﻿﻿"Those were just some of the Inn workers enjoying their holidays," Luthor explained, anticipating the question Pinophyta wanted to ask.

"Workers? They were workers?" the treant asked in disbelief. Although he himself was only in the Golden core realm, he had spent a lot of time under the guidance of nascent level beings, not to mention he had personally received the blessing of the Tree of Heaven when he came to life. He knew what their auras were like, and they were nothing compared to those two!

Pinophyta shuddered, and caught itself. It must not doubt the Tree of Heaven! That was absolute blasphemy! He was sure there was some kind of devilish trickery at play, fooling his senses. There was no realm above the Nascent realm, because even the tree was only in that realm. This must be an elaborate ploy by the Inn to fool him! It must!

As soon as it gathered itself, the treant saw a massive city made of glass, floating through the air.

"Is that our destination?" he asked, looking at it with intrigue.

"No, that's just one of the spots guests can go and enjoy. If you wish to stop and take a look, we can."

"No need, no need. I'm sure there will be plenty of time to explore the Inn at my leisure once we have settled."

"Indeed," Luthor said, and looked forward. Beneath them were the untouched lands of the Inn that were relatively close to the settlements. They had been cleared of most dangerous beasts and animals, though there was still a chance of risk. Pinophyta looked down with interest at the few guests who would show up from time to time.

Since devils maintained their humanoid appearance most of the time, it was not so easy to differentiate them from humans from a distance, so the treant did not feel at all impressed by most of the guests he saw. He was familiar with the human race. It was a defeated one - not worth his attention most of the time. Luthor was different, though.

Just as it was musing, it saw someone enter a Minor realm and disappear!

"What- what just happened?" the treant could not help asking again! It was familiar with teleportation, but what it had sensed was not mere teleportation! It was teleportation to some unknown realm!

"Oh that, nothing much. We have a few hundred thousand minor realms across the Inn. They're like small worlds in a different space, each filled with different things. Our guests can go explore them if they wish, although in the case of injury while exploring untamed Minor realms, the Inn does not take any responsibility. It's more for those adventurous types of guests. You too can explore them if you wish."

Small worlds? Pinophyta could not wrap his head around such an idea, though he was not to blame. How could Minor realms form in a realm that in itself was still forming? All of space was being stretched outwards, so there was no place for natural wrinkles or loops to form, which might give birth to Minor realms.

"How… interesting," he said as he tried to compose himself. As an emissary and potential ambassador, he had already embarrassed himself by losing composure once. He must not do it again.

Luthor gave him the side-eye and then continued to look forward. This is why he preferred to let others deal with guests.

"In its own modest way, the Midnight Inn possesses a certain quaint charm, I suppose," he said, feeling magnanimous, but Luthor only rolled his eyes.

The treant was waiting for Luthor to acknowledge his praise somehow, maybe even thank him for it, but when Luthor didn't, he felt a little disgruntled. He was just about to complain when a certain melodious sound distracted him.

It sounded like… a choir. He looked down, and found a small patch of trees singing a song called 'Young McDonald'. A certain vine had emerged from the ground and was acting as the maestro for their performance.

"TREANTS!" he exclaimed in complete shock, but then he realized that no, they weren't treants. They were actual trees that were alive!Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Before he could even consider asking Luthor what that was about, a gust of wind rolled by and circled them a few times.

"You look busy Luthor, but whenever you're free, find me! I have a great idea, and I call it the Hot Air Balloon! Together, we can make it work," said the gust of wind, before flying away quickly.

"Come back here!" a voice called from a distance, and Luthor turned to see a kaleidoscope of giant butterflies chasing the gust of wind angrily. Behind them, a single sky lantern was following, though it seemed extremely exhausted trying to keep up.

Little Blue, who was not too strong but had developed an extremely intimidating aura since its wings grew, suddenly flew by as well, with Little Fenrir riding on its back. They glanced at the treant before continuing on their way.

"They had the same aura as… the same aura as…" the treant began to say, but could not. Although it had no lungs, technically, its voice was strained, as if it was wheezing.

Before it could recover, they finally approached the village, one of the main Inn settlements. It was filled with hustle and bustle, not to mention countless immortals who did not bother restraining their aura since the Inn would protect everyone else from harm. The treant, who was doing what Luthor could not guess was a tree version of hyperventilating, was barely holding on at this point, but then it sensed the divine aura of the Boulder Shrine, and could take it no longer.

It fainted, though that only made it look like a tree strapped onto the black of a flying peacock, which, admittedly, was a pretty normal sight for the Midnight Inn.

"Quaint charm my arse," Luthor muttered, as he guided the peacock down. Even if the recovery rooms were no longer working, he should show the treant to a doctor. Or wait, should he show it to a gardener?



Chapter 1079 Inn's history

﻿﻿The arrival of a little over a thousand new guests didn't go unnoticed, especially since everyone was quite interested in the inhabitants of the new realm.

If someone said that all was perfectly well in the Inn then that wouldn't exactly be true. As months passed, many of the guests began to realize that they might be stuck in this realm for a very long time.

Most did not mind, either because of their long lives or because the cultivation environment here was great, not to mention the opportunities of a newborn realm were unimaginable. A majority of the cultivators in the immortal realm who weren't in closed door cultivation had already left the settlements to go explore the as of yet untouched lands of the Inn.

The same was true for most Nascent soul and Golden core, as well as a good number of Foundation realm cultivators as well. Those who were not out exploring were taking advantage of the fact that the spirit energy here was exceptionally pure! If they had to pay to stay in the Inn, they would never be able to stay this long - at least for the lower leveled cultivators. So in a way, this was the ultimate opportunity for them to cultivate and grow their realm in a safe environment.

But at the same time, there were many guests who were discontent as well. This was akin to kidnapping, and was keeping them away from commitments and people who they wished to meet. Disappearing without notice and being unable to even send back word was not something easy to come to terms with.

These guests had many fights with the workers already, though they were only verbal fights so far. But there was nothing that could be done.

There were also a few guests who did not mind taking all the benefits the Inn offered, but had not a shred of gratitude in their hearts. In fact, they felt that everything they got was what they justly deserved, and had resorted to threatening the workers with what they would do many times if they weren't allowed to leave.

But it was all for not. None of them could leave. So when there was a sudden surge of new guests, it was a welcome distraction, but at the same time, not everyone was in a very welcoming mood.

One such guest, who was troubled about not being able to return home, though not to the point of being bitter against the Inn, was John Fake Kennedy. The krab-man was sitting with his feet dipped in a lazy river, looking out forlornly into the distance.

He saw a whole large group of new guests coming in, but he just could not gather the energy of getting up to investigate. The only thing he could think of was all the harm that was being done to his beloved country in his absence. Now that he had finally gained the strength to go and face those who wanted him assassinated, he was stuck here. With no one to stop them, who knew what harm they would do?

Hours passed by, and he didn't move, nor did he notice when a curious imp came by, sitting in an inflatable doughnut in the lazy river.

"You there, crustacean looking fellow. Are you one of the Inn workers? Good attendant, it appears that circumstances have conspired against me, for I find myself in a predicament most unbecoming. As one unaccustomed to the art of swimming, I must, with considerable reluctance, request your immediate assistance in extricating myself from this watery conveyance. Your prompt and diligent aid in this matter would be most appreciated, as I am certain you understand the gravity of my situation."

"What? No, I'm not… Never mind, I'll help," said Kennedy as he jumped in the pool and pulled the doughnut to the side, allowing Kanye to jump off!

"What a dastardly contraption! Most heinous," Kanye muttered, then looked towards Kennedy. "Well? I am part of a diplomatic envoy. Why are you not profusely apologizing for exhibiting me to that dreadful watery deathtrap? I demand recompense for my trauma!"𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Kennedy looked at the imp, then looked left and right. Seeing that they were alone, it would be a lie if he didn't say that he for a moment felt like putting the imp back in the doughnut and throwing it in the lazy river, but resisted the urge.

"Ask not what the Inn can do for you, but what you can do for the Inn," he muttered to himself, before looking at the imp.

"I am not one of the Inns workers, I am a guest here as well. I just helped you out because you looked like you needed it. If you're afraid of water, you should not have gotten on it to begin with."

"Aha, a patron of the establishment!" the imp exclaimed, then looked Kennedy up and down. "My good fellow, I am here as a patron myself, and am most curious about the history of this Inn where we take refuge. Would you, perchance, have a moment to spare to enlighten me with anything you know? I assure you, the Treant empire under the shadow of the Tree of Heaven will extend its gratitude to you for your cooperation."

Kennedy was a shrewd Krab-man, and easily saw that the imp had ulterior motives, but it was not like the history of the Inn was secret. His curiosity, however, was piqued by the sudden promise of intrigue. After all, since he couldn't go back home, he needed to distract himself with something. He might as well learn more about the countries outside the border of the Inn.

But while Kennedy saw through the poorly orchestrated subterfuge, not everyone was as simple to see through as the imp, and not all guests had the good of the Inn at heart. Slowly the crowds started to mingle, and an unbelievable story of how the guests all saw the birth of the realm began to spread.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.



