Chapter 1100 Once again

﻿﻿It took several hours for Lex to regain his calm, and once he finished his meditation, Lex could not help but frown. It had been a long time since he lost control and had the sword show up. But this was a reminder that just because a problem stopped appearing for a while did not mean it had gone away.

He needed to work on his sword intent and make this sword go away.

But much more than that, Lex was disappointed in himself. Was this all it took to get under his skin? It was understandable if he got angry when his Inn was attacked, or his workers, but just a random mention of his parents was enough to set him off?

It didn't feel good to have such a glaring weakness. He had no interest in going looking for people who had essentially abandoned him - at least originally he didn't. But today his anger had even spilled over to his sisters. This showed that this was not something he had been ignoring because he was over it, but rather because he was hiding from it.

He didn't want to face it. But now that he realized that he didn't want to face it, that left him with no choice but to face it head on. After all, that's what Lex did with all his weaknesses. It was the reason he kept looking for volcanoes, and the reason he kept pushing himself to face adventures and dangerous situations.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

If he had a weak mentality he would have stopped exploring new worlds right after nearly getting killed by zombies back on Vegua Minima. Or right after getting chased by wolves in Nibiru. Or any of the countless near death experiences-

Lex paused. Was he brave, or did he have some special kind of crazy that kept looking for near death experiences? No, no, he wasn't crazy. It was completely normal to want to hone oneself on the razors edge between life and death.

He paused again. That definitely sounded a little concerning. But he felt fine.

In short, he decided to face William and Jotun again, but not right now. He would face them right before the Inn closed, as he had other things he wanted to focus on right now.

He had already tied up loose ends in the Origin realm before leaving to the Midnight realm, so there wasn't much for him to do there. For the next few days all he needed to do was ensure that everyone who came into the Inn knew that he would seal it soon.

But whether it was coincidence, or because the Inn had been sealed for so long, the resurgence of guests coming to the Inn was massive.

Many people he hadn't seen for a long time came back, such as Ragnar! The last thing Lex remembered was that the general had lost severely to the devil Warheil, and had thus been infected, ready to turn into a zombie.

But now that he saw Ragnar, it had not even been so long, but he looked pretty good. He did not look like a dying man at all. In fact, he looked healthier than ever! But at that point Lex stopped spying, because the emperor Jotun then brought in his daughter, and began discussing the details for their marriage!

Many guests came, and as a result, Lex also finally learned about the war between Jotun and the Fiery Mammoths!

It turned out another reason Jotun was at the Inn was to have a meeting with the leaders of the Mammoths to discuss a truce. That discussion turned into an argument, which led to a duel to the death!

The situation escalated so quickly that Lex was absolutely certain that the Jotun emperor had planned this from the start. The emperor initiated a challenge in the Murder ground, and they both disappeared the instant the mammoth accepted.

Lex was mentally preparing himself for the fact that this fight might last until the Inn is once again sealed, but in only a few minutes, the emperor returned, holding a corpse many times his size.

Negotiations broke off and the war would continue, but Lex was impressed by the emperor's might. The mammoth he faced had to have a similar realm as him, yet the emperor ended the fight in mere minutes. It was not for nothing that the man had been selected to work for the Henali.

But he was far from the only noteworthy person to appear. Kenta Haru, the heir to Tilaiya, was visited by his adopted father, who was also a Celestial Immortal. But after a brief visit, they disappeared.

Much more alarming was the fact that Loretta herself appeared at the Inn once more, followed closely by another devil Lex recognized. His name was Creel, and he first entered the Inn back during the Midnight Games. Since then he had never left, though he had not done anything noteworthy either.

At the time, he was the devil running the recruitment stand that the devils set up. Since then, he had done naught but roam the Inn and occasionally talk to the other guests and workers. Once the Inn opened back up, it was the first time he left the Inn since his departure, and he had now returned with Loretta. If Lex had not regularly memorized the list of all his guests he would not have picked up such a small detail, but he did.

The odd thing was that Loretta did not go meet Lilith. Instead, she met a few other devils, roamed the new Inn for a bit, then requested to have a meeting with the Innkeeper. Once she was informed that the Innkeeper was not available, she left a message saying that she would like to meet the Innkeeper whenever it was convenient for him, and that she could be reached through Creel.

After that she left. It did not seem like it was such a significant visit, if only one did not focus on how excited Creel was.

The devil tried to hide it, but Lex had become excellent at such things, and was able to detect even the slightest of hints from his body language, his aura, and the way his spiritual energy behaved. The devil was absolutely ecstatic. The meeting Loretta requested seemed to be regarding something deeply important to her. The fact that she had come back with Creel must have meant that it was related to the Inn, since the devil was the one who had gone to report to her.

Considering the fact that the Inn had moved to an entire new realm, and Creel had likely witnessed the birth of the entire realm, there were any number of things he could have gone to report to Loretta. But something told him this matter had something to do with his physique.

He put the matter of meeting Loretta aside and continued to manage the Inn secretly, until all ten days in the Origin realm passed, and the emporium managed to gather everything. Despite their best efforts, they were not able to speed up the process of getting the embers, so Powell did not get his extra commission.

Regardless, nothing untowards happened so Lex was satisfied. It was almost time to seal the Inn again with the token, so he did the last thing he had been putting off. He once again met William and Jotun.

"What do you think of our offer?" the emperor asked upon noticing the focused expression on Lex's face.

"I didn't look at it," Lex responded honestly. Then he took out an ingredient at the Heavenly immortal level, then another one. Since he had recognised them while searching for them to upgrade the system, it was much easier to find them now. But even so, he had only found two, and he had no intention of depositing it to the system.

"I am showing you these because I want you to know that these are just some random things I can get on my own with a little effort. Things even more valuable than this are not out of reach either. So what exactly can you offer me? And what exactly do you want from me? Give me a straight answer, as this is the only chance I'm going to give you."

The emperor and William exchanged looks, then turned to Lex once more.

"If you check the envelope, you will find a method to help you properly hide your bloodline - the one that allows you to improve the potential of other humans," William said. "We handed you the complete method. You can have it checked. There's nothing we're holding back. But the method is not perfect. If you work with us, we can help you by improving it. You can ask others to do so as well, but no one will be able to help you the way we can. In exchange, all we ask is you help us improve some of our people. It need not be too many."

Lex's expression did not change as one of his greatest secrets was revealed. This time around, he was much more composed. After a long and detailed negotiation session, Lex finally came to an agreement with the two. Then they left.

With nothing else holding him back, Lex summoned the Lockdown token, and after giving all his guests one warning, activated it. The Inn was, once again, sealed.



Chapter 1101 A blessing and a curse

The Inn was once again sealed, and Lex breathed a sigh of relief. He had an innate ability to attract trouble, and he'd always come out on top, but it wasn't always good to tempt fate. Without any emergency quests or urgent tasks waiting for him, Lex could finally take his time to develop himself and the Inn.

Yes, in the long term it would be better if he trained in the Temple of Fasting rather than by himself, but since he couldn't just drop everything, sealing the Inn once more was the best option.

Lex pulled up his interface and looked at the quests given to him by the system. Lex extended his finger and, underneath them, began writing something. He was not adding a quest to the system interface, but rather just using an illusion to make it look like he was adding quests.

On top was mastering Inferno blade completely, following by improving his sword intent. Then came finding ways to hide his physique. For whatever reason, William and Jotun thought he had a bloodline rather than a physique, but even that knowledge was too dangerous. He did not ask them why they knew, nor did they mention it. It didn't matter.

Then he added the five year deadline Vera had given him. It was technically a little less than five years now.

One by one, he kept adding his objectives to his quest log. On Nether, the largest continent in the Midnight realm, Jack made a similar list of objectives for himself. He decided ultimately to not leave the realm right now. He would improve his survivability before doing any of that, not to mention make the Jolly Rancher tougher. It would be sad if it broke while adventuring. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Last but not least, he wanted even his clone to absorb at least one piece of resin as well. If he was going to have a clone, he wanted it to be the best!

By the time Lex and Jack both finished their lists a considerable time had gone by, not that it mattered. The more extensive their list was, the better. With nothing but a lot of free time on the horizon, it was finally time to catch up on all their plans.

Jack Daniels unfurled the sails to his ship, taking off from the ground as he began his journey towards resin. At the same time, Lex turned his attention to the tavern. It was time to begin the epoch of the traveling tavern.

A period of rare peace and tranquility arrived for the Inn, with much fewer guests than they'd had in a long time. But that peace was not wasted, for the Inn grew and changed during this time, as did its workers.

The Midnight realm, on the other hand, underwent a tumultuous change, as the absence of the Tree of Heaven brought about greater changes than anyone could have imagined. At the same time, rumors began to spread that a monstrous behemoth exited the Chaos Sea and entered the Inn.

Empires rose and fell. Various beings were born, and even more fell. Stories of the great adventurer Jack Daniels spread across the lands and the seas, and there seemed to be no place that remained untouched by his legends.

One day, much like that tumultuous period where the Tree of Heaven fell, a phenomenon encompassed the whole realm, though no one knew what triggered it. A brilliant light of pink and purple shone throughout the realm, promising good tides and fortune. Many thought a new treasure had been born, and a great age of treasure hunting came to rise.

In the lands of Menara, the human race once again made its appearance, under the leadership of a great sect called the Simple Life sect. Their sudden appearance challenged many existing powers, and the ensuing conflict knew no end.

In the Origin realm, meanwhile, time passed much slower. The war between Jotun and the Fiery mammoths continued, with no end in sight, encompassing hundreds of star systems. The Henali became more active in the eradication of the Fuegan, and so the number of battlezones increased. At the same time, anticipation of the Champions tourney also began to rise, as its initiation came ever closer.

After a couple of years, something unexpected and unprecedented happened. The dead zone, in which Earth was trapped, suddenly welcomed the return of extremely abundant spiritual energy, changing the planet from a rating of below 1 star to above 2 stars!

But with the return of that spiritual energy also came a swarm of insects that attacked not only the deities who were trying to take over earth, but the AI as well. They were immediately recognized as the insects that had also invaded Polebitvy, under the influence of the terrorist Jeffery.

But then, without warning something unexpected happened that rocked the entire Origin realm, and brought away the attention from the resurgence of a dead zone. A human immortal, in partnership with an emissary of the Henali court, discovered evidence that a full fledged Jorlam had been nurtured by Fuegan forces!

A Jorlam was an entity that could easily destroy an entire galaxy with little effort once matured. But they had not discovered the Jorlam, only the destruction it had wrought before it was discovered.

The matter was so serious that the Henali deployed their own members, no longer leaving the task of finding it to their subordinate races. If the Fuegan could hide an entire Jorlam under their noses, what else could they possibly hide? The answer was simple: a lot!

The discovery of the Jorlam was both a blessing and a curse. It was a blessing, because it forced the Fuegan hand before they were completely ready. It was a cure because the entire Origin realm was suddenly embroiled in an unprecedented civil war.

Countless races which had up until now sworn loyalty to the Henali turned sides and retaliated. Empires were fractured, and all hell broke loose.



Chapter 1102 Enigmatic tavern keeper

There were even clashes between the Henali and Fuegan themselves, though most of those took place outside the Origin realm so no one actually knew the details. The few battles that were fought in the Origin realm were fought in the Void behind space, to prevent the realm itself from being destroyed.

The many Dao Lords who had entered the realm all became neutral parties, unwilling to take part in such a conflict. It was fine while it was just their subordinate forces fighting, but they themselves were not going to expose themselves to war. But under the guise of neutrality, they too began to plunder the Origin realm.

The Jotun empire, which was the largest human force in the Origin realm, lost 14 galaxies overnight. They were traitors among the humans, unsurprisingly. But, ironically, it was not the humans who led the rebellion. Instead, it was the many Henali aides who were supposed to be helping Jotun run the empire who had secretly aligned their loyalties with the Fuegan.

Similar scenes happened across the realm, and only extremely powerful races, such as the devils, were spared from rebellion. After all, the devils never needed help to rule their lands.

All of this was the consequence of forcing the Fuegan hand before they were ready, so it could only be imagined what would have happened if their preparations were complete. At the same time, rumors began to spread that the Fuegan were the original rulers of the Origin realm, and that the Henali were foreign invaders who had driven them out.

As if to prove the rumors true, many of the strongest and oldest deities aligned with the Fuegan.

For a while it seemed like the Henali were on the losing end of this war. But no matter how great the momentum that the Fuegan gathered, the Henali were not without their strengths as well. They held on, and ultimately unleashed a legion of Celestial immortal level Henali warriors who temporarily stabilized the situation.

But what worried many was that the dreaded Jorlam never made an appearance during this entire time. It was a time of great uncertainty, where even the largest and strongest forces of the realm were vulnerable. But ironically, during this time when the strongest of forces were at risk, it actually became the weak and insignificant who became largely ignored.

That did not mean they were spared from their share of strife, but at least no one was paying attention to them. Alongside the fall of the Henali portal, some weaker races and forces became completely isolated. But life carried on, and the little people still had to eat and drink to survive.

On the planet Azula, one of the two habitable planets of the Soko star system, a young girl was dragging her body through the edge of the wilderness, forcing herself to take each step as she struggled with her exhaustion and the weight of the pack she was carrying on her back.

Her entire face was covered in bandages, though that was mostly to hide her identity. It was the bandages on her body that covered her countless wounds. Her once fair and flawless body was now covered in scars.

Finally, she reached a dirt road, and followed it towards Barin city. The inner city, behind the giant walls made of Obsidian- Steel, was older, and usually housed the rich and the powerful. Although that is where the young girl actually lived, it was not her destination. She forced her weary body to continue into the outer city, filled with foreigners, traders, the poor and the humble. But even so, those here were only poor or humble by Barin city standards. In actuality, all of them at least had the basic standards of living.

For those that didn't, Barin city boasted countless cheap and affordable inns and taverns, which is exactly where the girl was heading. After navigating the crowded streets she made her way to the strange building made of some unknown material called wood. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

But other than the strange wood material, this tavern was like any other in this city. The food was good and yet cheap, making one question what they were actually putting in the food. The drinks were always flowing and the music was always playing.

"Ay, the huntress finally makes it back," said the tavern's bouncer, Big Ben.

The girl only grunted in response, unable to muster the strength to respond properly. When she entered her sight fell on the three triplets whose beauty had nearly toppled the city. Countless patrons visited the tavern to get a chance to catch their visage, and perhaps try their luck at winning their hearts. None had succeeded so far.

She was worried for the day someone might try something foolish, such as forcefully trying to capture them, but nothing like that had happened so far - at least to her knowledge.

"Ah, little huntress, have you brought in a new haul?" asked Naki, the oldest of the triplets with a smile so pure it made even her blush. "I'll take it over to Betty and see what it's worth. I'm assuming you want payment in spirit stones once more?"

"Yes please," she answered, forgetting to change her voice to the gruff persona of the huntress. She immediately realized his mistake, which is why her next sentence sounded a lot more hoarse. "Can you tell the tavern keeper that I wish to speak with him. Privately."

"Ah, he's on the roof waiting for you. You can make your way up. Shall I prepare a meal for you?"

"A meal and a room. Deduct the cost from my pay," she said, making her way up the many stairs.

For some unknown reason, all the exhaustion she had been feeling faded away once she entered the tavern. The ache in her muscles did not go away, but at least climbing the stairs did not feel like death.

She made her way to the roof and saw the enigmatic tavern keeper, sitting in his favorite lawn chair, sunbathing. He looked like a teenager, fifteen years old at most, yet at the same time he was the most mysterious man she had ever met.



Chapter 1103 Miss Huntress

﻿﻿She observed him for a moment. He looked even younger than her, and if it weren't for the fact that she had seen every single worker at the tavern come to him for instructions, she would still find it hard to believe that he was the owner of this place.

Not that the Midnight tavern was anything special. There were hundreds of taverns and inns in the outer city, and while many of them were just ordinary, some of them were quite renowned, as well.

There was the Cats Lap, which was run by Madame Lisa. Not only was she recognized as the best cook in the actual city, rumour had it that in her younger days there was a noble from the inner city who wanted to marry her. Just that story alone, alongside her famous beauty, brought in customers from all over.

There was the Dons Den, which was famous because everyone knew that the owner was an underworld leader, but no one had ever proved it. Still, the kind of deal one could get there attracted many customers, though regular travellers also visited often.

There were many more that stood out, while in comparison, the only unique thing about the Midnight tavern was the strange material its building was made from. In fact, if anything, the tavern seemed almost too ordinary, which was also enigmatic.

Even though the charm of the triplets, Naki, Nami and Nani, had taken hold of the city, no one ever made trouble for them, which was strange. The drinks in the tavern were also unusual and weren't available anywhere else. There were rumours that even the mayor of Barin city secretly bought some bottles from them from time to time.

Not that the young huntress cared for any of that. The only thing she cared about was if her suspicions about this tavern keeper were true or not! He never revealed his powers, but from the things he said, she was sure he was some kind of secretly powerful old man.

"I've finally done it," she said, seeing that the tavern keeper was content to continue pretending to sleep. "I've killed one hundred Jarasian lizards, all by myself. Do you think I'm ready to break through to the next realm now?"

The tavern keeper opened his eyes and pretended to be surprised to see her, but he was a terrible actor. Or maybe he did it on purpose.

"Ah, the ever mysterious young Miss Huntress. Oh dear, I see you're covered in wounds again. Why don't you take a seat, while I have Naki come take a look at you."

She wanted to protest, more focused on the answer she was looking for. But then she remembered that she was exhausted, and so collapsed into an empty lawn chair.

"So do you think I'm ready?" she asked once more.

"Ah, Miss Huntress, as you know, I am but a humble tavern keeper. I would not much about cultivation," the tavern keeper said as he got up and pulled up an easel and set an empty canvas on it. He grabbed a paintbrush and a wooden board with some paint on it, and looked at his canvas, as if he was trying to decide what to paint.

The young girl only rolled her eyes. It was always like this. The door opened and Naki came out, holding a first aid kit. Was she supposed to ignore the fact that he had clearly not sent any word to her, yet she came? She even brought the first aid kit. If that was not an indication that he was secretly an expert, she didn't know what was. The problem was, if she asked Naki, then the ever faithful barmaid would only say that she noticed the huntress's condition when she was going through the tavern, and decided to help out on her own. There was always a convenient excuse for them to use.

"Of course, I have read a few books that might lend some insight," the tavern keeper said, as he finally started to paint. "But Miss Huntress, you have to decide for yourself if you trust the words of a random book."𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Yes, yes, you know I trust your books," she said as she tried to ignore the stinging pain from her various cuts and bruises. For some reason, the treatment always hurt more than the actual wounds. But then again, no one else could treat her wounds as quickly as Naki could, so it was worth it.

"Miss Huntress, according to the books I've read, tempering your body through actual combat will go a long way in helping you set your foundation. But it also comes back with some flaws, which is that your body is riddled with injuries that haven't had time to heal. Now that you've tempered your body, why not take some rest? Our new and improved Hot tub room should prove especially useful in helping you heal and relax.

"Of course, if you can afford to use the best offer on the Hot tub room, then just a day's worth of rest would be fine. Otherwise, I'd say you give it a few weeks of regular use before trying to break through."

"A few weeks of rest?" she repeated, clenching her fists. She didn't have a few weeks to spend.

"What if I'm in a rush? What if I'm about to… hunt a huge monster that will only come once, and I only have a few days left to prepare? I can't avoid it even if I want to."

The tavern keeper paused his painting and turned to look at the huntress for a moment.

"Miss Huntress, I think you have a few things mixed up," he said after a moment. "What does cultivation level have to do with hunting a big monster? If the monster you're hunting is a little more powerful than the ones you're used to, then you just need to use better tools. For now, why don't you try your hand at painting, Miss Huntress? You're clearly stressed. It won't help you come up with any answers. Here, come and see if you can paint the same symbols that I painted."



Chapter 1104 The Alchemist

﻿﻿The huntress dragged her defeated body from the roof down towards one of the Hot tub rooms. She had spent the last hour painting, and she had no idea how that would help her situation at all. But that's the way it was with the tavern keeper. He never gave answers directly, and he never helped directly either.

But if his guidance was useless, then she would not have come to depend on it. The answer would reveal itself with time.

She paid for the Hot tub level she could afford, and went inside. After making sure the room was empty and there were no secret peep holes - she was not doubting the Midnight tavern, but she had heard rumors about such places - she stripped and then lowered her sore body into the water.

"Oooh," she could not help but moan as the warm waters massaged her body. This was the first time she had ever spent money on such a place, but she suddenly understood the appeal. Before she could resume her thoughts about what the tavern keeper could have meant, she dozed off, which was for the best since it spared her from seeing black gunk coming out of her skin, then getting washed away with the bubbling water.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

At some point during the night, the Huntress began to dream, as she usually did when she spent the night in the tavern. Within the dream she was painting with her finger as the brush, her Qi as the paint, and the universe as her canvas. She painted the same characters that the tavern keeper, and when the characters were drawn the whole world shook around her.

The huntress woke up with a start, looking around the unfamiliar room in panic. But then she remembered where she was, and took a sigh of relief. She couldn't believe she had spent the whole night in the hot tub! But surprisingly, her skin did not get wrinkled from spending too much time in the water. In fact, if anything, it seemed smoother!

That's when the huntress realized that all her scars were gone! In a daze, the huntress walked to the mirror, and actually yelped! Not only were her scars gone but… the rash she had on her face since birth had vanished!

How was this possible? No one had ever been able to affect them at all! Any attempt to remove the rash only made it worse, and yet now, over night, it had vanished.

The huntress touched her face, feeling dazed. Is that what she looked like without the rash? It was actually kind of… cute. The huntress blushed, and was then filled with reluctance. Why couldn't this have happened just a few years ago?

But it didn't matter now. She put on her clothes and once again wrapped her face in bandages, before exiting the tavern.

She walked up to Roan at the bar - no matter what time, day or night, the man never seemed to leave his station.

"Here's your payment for the meat, Miss Huntress," Roan said, handing her a sealed package.

"Thanks. Tell the tavern keeper that I'll be busy for the next week. If… if my hunt works out, I'll pay another visit."

"Good luck," Roan said, and gave her a nod.

The huntress only nodded and turned to leave, but bumped into another guest who was rushing into the Inn.

"Oh, sorry," she said.

"My bad," the young man said at the same time. They both paused, but seeing how the other didn't want to cause trouble, just moved on. They both seemed like they were in a rush.

"Uncle Roan, this is bad," the boy said, rushing up to the bar. "I need to see the tavern keeper right now! It's an emergency!"

Roan, who was wiping a mug clean with a pristine piece of cloth that seemed to never get dirty, calmly replied, "he's on the roof."

The boy nodded, and rushed through the tavern and reached the roof. Upon finding the tavern keeper, the boy could no longer hold himself back.

"Tavern keeper! You have to help me! My stupid family is forcing me to get married to some ugly girl to cement some business deal. I just found out about this! The wedding is in five days!"

The tavern keeper did not at all seem alarmed by the news, and instead wore an amused look.

"It's quite rude to call a girl ugly, young alchemist. How do you know she isn't actually beautiful?"

"How can she be beautiful when her own family admits that she's ugly? But… but that's besides the point. Even if she is beautiful, I'm not ready to get married. It will interfere with my alchemy and cultivation. I have no desire to place such a leash around my neck, holding me back. I do not want to be restrained. A wife will only be a distraction."

"Young alchemist, I understand your plight but… how can I be of help? I'm just a simple tavern keeper."

The alchemist rolled his eyes. That's exactly what the tavern keeper said every time, right before giving him the answer that he desired.

"It seems to me that your problem is not marriage, but the control your family has over you. All you need to do is become independent and gain a backing of your own, and your family will no longer be able to influence you."

"Easier said than done. But I'm not at the level to pass the test of the Alchemist's tower yet. How else can I gain independence and backing in just five days?"

"This is a tough question. Why don't we spend a little time thinking about it? In the meantime, you should have Roan whip you up a special drink. It'll help you calm your nerves. But his special drinks are expensive, so bear that in mind."

"Who cares about that? If there's anything I have, it's money," said the alchemist, heading back down. Although it seemed like the tavern keeper had not given him an answer, in fact he had already done so very clearly. He knew by now that nothing the tavern keeper said was ever simple, and nothing about this tavern was mundane.

He couldn't wait to see how that drink would help him out.



Chapter 1105 A tavern keepers work

﻿﻿The alchemist rushed to the bar and ordered a drink called Roan's special. Roan's special was genuinely a special drink, because Roan would make a different drink depending on who the person ordering the drink was.

Nobody knew exactly how Roan decided which drink which customer needed when the special was ordered, but to date there had never been a customer who had been disappointed by the drink. In fact, many people wished to have it again, but there was a one per month rule which meant they could only order it once a month.

This was perhaps the most contested rule of the tavern. But since the rules could not be changed, on the first of every month a special group of customers gathered who might not be seen at the tavern at any other time, but they were always there on the first.

So far, the alchemist had avoided these drinks because he could not bear to get intoxicated. An alchemist's mind was their most valuable asset, so to dull it on purpose was almost like a sin. But the alchemist had too much trust in the tavern keeper, so today he indulged.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The drink was minty fresh, and instead of intoxicating, gave the alchemist a sudden jolt of mental energy and clarity that he had lacked before. Suddenly, the alchemist fell into a daze, which made some of the regular customers chuckle. They could identify a newbie a mile away. The first time was always a memorable experience.

But the alchemist sensed none of that, for his thoughts were mired in all the alchemy recipes and knowledge he had ever gathered. So many things suddenly started to make sense in such a simple way that the alchemist almost couldn't believe he never caught on before. At the same time, many of the notions he previously held to be true did not seem plausible anymore, and actually seemed to reduce the efficiency of his refining. How could he have never seen that before?

By the time the alchemist woke up from his daze it was evening, but he didn't even notice. He left Roan a hefty tip as he ran out the door, going as fast as he could. He had no time to waste.

Lex, who had been observing everything from the roof, chuckled and closed his eyes. He had long ago completed his quest to change the destiny of 100 guests, and through that experience learned the subtle art of guiding others.

Lex neither told them what to do, nor did he manipulate people or events. But, if he found a guest worthy, Lex would give them the help necessary so that they could themselves decide the direction of their life. Then, depending on how much he liked those guests, Lex might lend them a little more help than others. For example the huntress.

She was a young girl who relied on no one other than herself, for everyone in this cruel world had used her for their own purposes. But even so, her heart never became cruel despite her many hardships. So, Lex gave her one of the arrays he had recently created by himself.

A few days passed normally, and all was completely normal in the tavern. No matter what happened in the world outside, in the tavern the drinks would still flow and the food would always be fresh. On the third day, however, a major scandal shook the inner city!

A wedding that had been organized between two of the largest families in the inner city had been ruined! Moreover, the people who ruined the wedding turned out to be the bride and groom themselves!

The wedding was organized in such a way that the venue was divided into two, with one side belonging to the girls family, and the other to the boys. When the union would be complete, the division between the two sides was supposed to be removed, as a symbolic gesture showing that the two families had now become one.

But, unexpectedly, in the final moments before the union, the groom suddenly announced that he had become a member of the Alchemy tower, and did not want to get married as it would distract him from his alchemy. Since he had been accepted as a disciple by a Tier 3 alchemist, no one dared bar his path as he had a falling out with his family and left the venue!

The girl was even more domineering! Up on stage she gave a speech about how her family had shunned and used her since her mother died, and had sold her off to someone else just to cement a business alliance. She cut off her ties with her family forever, taking up her mothers name, and left.

When her family, angered by her disclosing their behavior and secrets, tried to attack her to force her back on stage, the girl used some special technique that brought everyone to their knees!

Even the veritable Foundation realm family head of her family was brought to his knees, unable to move, as she marched out. Her final words before leaving were a declaration that she would also look into the death of her mother, and if she discovered that someone from the family had been behind it, she would be back for revenge.

The story had rocked the entire city, and was the hot gossip that everyone was talking about. But a lesser known piece of gossip, that only very few people heard about, was that the young alchemist had been brought by his master to the nearby wildlands to harvest a very special herb, but was attacked by a wild beast. Before his master, who was not adept in combat, could do anything, a young maiden of unmatched grave and beauty saved him.

No one knew who she was or where she came from, but her valor had one the day, and some said, the young alchemist's heart.

Lex, who was sitting in the rumor room, chuckled as he read the slips that updated him on all the latest gossip.

Nami knockedon the door and popped her head in.

"Tavern keeper, that old stinky man is back again. He's thanking you for helping him find the perfect disciple who can represent him in the upcoming alchemy tournament. But he's saying he's never taught a disciple before, and he's already almost got his disciple killed, so he's lost all nerve. He's asking to see you to seek advice on how he should teach him."

"Send him to the roof," Lex said, as he got up from his chair. A tavern keeper's work was never done.



Chapter 1106 School of...

﻿﻿After sending away the alchemist master with some indirect advice Lex walked down to the bar. He was anticipating a certain customer today who was the talk of the town, though no one knew his real identity. The only reason Lex knew his identity was because he could secretly encompass the whole city with his spirit sense.

Most days, when he was free, he would sit on the roof and observe the city with his spirit sense. One would think it would get boring after a while, but it was actually quite interesting. There was more suspense and drama happening in real life than countless tv shows, it was just that no one else was watching, and the people involved hardly ever enjoyed the suspense. There was also a lot of comedy.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Late in the evening, a customer walked in, long hair covering most of his features. His clothes looked ordinary, and there seemed to be nothing about him that particularly drew any attention. He seemed perfect to blend into the background of the city.

He sat down in a corner and ordered a drink, and seemed more than happy to be forgotten. If this had been any other tavern, his technique, which allowed him to be easily overlooked, would have worked wonders. As it was, the triplet sisters never overlooked a single customer, always making sure they were well tended to.

The extra attention made him uncomfortable, but he did not display it in any way. He was content to just silently sit and listen to the conversations in the room as he enjoyed his one drink.

Besides the wedding scandal, the guests talked about a number of random things, with one of the hottest topics being the surging criminal element in the city. But, as ordinary folk, all they usually talked about was their neighbor who got robbed, or something they saw on the street.

After a few hours, after being unable to pick up on the news he was hoping to hear about, the man finally walked to the bar. Usually Roan was there, but for tonight, Lex had taken over himself.

"Need another drink?" Lex asked casually, not paying any special attention to the man.

"Something that'll keep me up for a while," he said hoarsely, and Lex nodded and poured him an iced coffee - a drink that did not exist on this planet.

"Appreciate it," the man said, and slid Lex a coin. It was a gold coin, worth all too much for the drink he was having. Lex looked at the man curiously.

"You heard any news about any… children going missing lately? Anything unusual, besides the usual kid lost in the market incidents."

Lex finally picked up the coin and pretended to think. He knew for the fact that this man had already asked around in various places and had no luck. But today, he had come to the only tavern in the city who could give him the answer he was looking for.

"Now that you mention it, I have heard about something strange," he said, lowering his voice. "It's not about missing children, but there's a new school that opened up in the inner city, but it's meant for outer city kids. Every time I hear about them, they're looking for more kids, as if they never run out of classrooms to fill. I thought that was a little odd."

The man tried not to give away anything, but Lex could sense his body tense up. This was exactly what he was looking for.

"Do you know what it's called?"

"Yeah, it's called School of The Heroes Of Trent, or School of THOT for short."

"What an enticing name," the man said, before finishing up his drink in one go and exiting the tavern. Lex only smiled. The next few days would be very interesting, which was good. If things got too boring he would have to consider moving his tavern to another planet.

*****

Inside the Midnight Inn, there was a hurricane of molten lava that had been going for weeks. Some guests thought that it was a new phenomenon and so had come over to take a look. Many began to picnic in front of it, and began to place bets about how long it would keep going. Ordinarily, such a thing would be too dangerous to get close to, but since the hurricane had technically not moved from its spot from the very start, everyone was very comfortable with it.

Not only was it an interesting sight, who knew if it might spout out some treasure? In the past fifteen years, countless guests at the Inn had discovered extremely valuable treasures inside the Midnight Inn, and were informed that they were free to take them. But the condition was that they don't harm the surroundings, and in the case that it was a treasure that could continuously reappear, cut off its roots or point of origin.

It was like a game of treasure hunting, except the treasures were real and they could keep them.

But today, after weeks, the hurricane finally did something different. It began to shrink, oddly enough.

Some thought that upon shrinking enough, the hurricane might explode, but that did not happen. Instead, the molten lava eventually cooled down, and the hurricane slowed down until it eventually faded.

From within the fire, a meditating figure was revealed.

Lex, after finally completing his latest cultivation system, opened his eyes. As of late, he had begun meditating inside his technique Heaven's furnace, and used the Dragons breath glyph to fill it with fire. He was raising his tolerance to his own dragon fire before trying it out with actual dragon fire, since Pel Jr. was on the verge of being able to control its giant dragon body.

Admittedly, it had taken much longer than anticipated because there was a lot more to dragon fire than Lex originally guessed. But today, finally, he had reached the level of complete immunity. Tomorrow, he would try with the real deal.



Chapter 1107 Stressful

﻿﻿Unlike many of the many whims he enacted in his early cultivation days, Lex was well aware of the dangers he would face by cultivating with dragon fire. He also took into account the fact that the dragon who would be breathing that fire was two major realms greater than himself, and those were two immortal levels!

But he was still confident, and the reason for that was the thorough preparation he had taken for this. Over the past fifteen years, Lex had been focused solely on filling in the massive knowledge gaps he had when it came to cultivation, as well identifying the direction for his future growth.

Naturally, the many quests he completed for his system and their rewards had helped him in this as well. Getting accustomed to the two differing flows of time, one in the Origin realm and one in the Midnight realm, was actually much easier than he guessed. As a result, he had his tavern travel the Origin realm while he used his projection to complete his quests over there, while here he focused on self improvement.

So, while the tavern was out in the Origin realm for about five years, Lex had been tempering himself for fifteen years. He had forced himself to slow down his cultivation, for it was absolutely ready to improve, to not only temper himself, but also so that he could get a better understanding of how he wanted to proceed.

Becoming an Immortal required Lex to define his tenets of immortality. If he had continued to use Regal Embrace, he would have had only one tenet, and that would have been absolute defense. But since he did not, Lex had to decide on those for himself.

The tenets were exceptionally important as they would define the foundation of his power and growth in the immortal realms, so he took his time over the past few years and thought about this in great detail.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

During this time, he also took his time and properly settled into the Midnight realm and became fully accustomed to it. He adventured to his heart's content, and for once enjoyed not being pathetically weak compared to everyone else for once.

This was very important, as his Midnight tavern had to remain exceptionally lowkey for the last few years. With the whole realm at war, high powered cultivators were even more active, which is one of the things that prompted him to learn how to remain hidden behind the scenes. Unless absolutely necessary, he used the tavern to fulfill all his quests and change the destinies of many, all without attracting attention to himself and the tavern.

The conclusion he eventually came to was simple. He enjoyed being anonymous, but being anonymous because he wanted to observe everyone without being detected, and being anonymous because he was trying to avoid attracting trouble were two different experiences altogether. Basically, it was only enjoyable if it was on his own terms.

That led him to figuring out a vague idea of what he wanted his tenets to be. In the meantime, he decided to grow as strong as possible while in the Nascent realm.

As it turned out, his ability Heaven's furnace was great for that. Lex had named it Heavens furnace because at the time he created it, that's essentially what he was using it for. But with more practice he learned other great things about it. It was great to trap people in, since his furnace could tolerate extreme shock, heat and pressure. In fact, so far, he had not encountered a single situation where the furnace was even near collapsing, so it was great as a prison.

At the same time it could be used defensively, since if he placed something inside, someone would need to break the furnace to get to the item.

But most importantly, Lex learned that the furnace could condense and purify anything put into it. It was even able to mix two or more items together to make a single item that was greater than the sum of all parts.

As such, the furnace drastically improved his ability to manufacture treasures. More importantly, it allowed Lex to face much greater force and pressure than anything else in the Midnight realm could provide, giving him the perfect area to hone his defense.

Lex regularly trained in the furnace using his own Dragon fire, and today finally he reached the point where it could not harm him at all.

Now he would go test out his body in the Cosmic Sea once more, and then tomorrow he would face real dragon fire. After that, he would have to unseal the Midnight realm.

While this fifteen year gap was great for him and his workers, allowing almost all of them to reach the Nascent realm, to grow any further, they would need the Origin realm, and more importantly, the Temple of Fasting. Most importantly, he was mere days away from the very specific date Vera had given him to go to Yildirim Utopia.

She still did not mention what it was about, but only a few days ago she came back and reminded him that the deadline was approaching. She was mainly worried that the Inn wouldn't open in time and he wouldn't be able to go.

At the same time, she was also worried about herself. Since they had spent fifteen years here, all of them were fifteen years older. Vera was finally old enough to date, but had been stuck here unable to search for her destined beloved.

Yes, that meant that Vera had reached the age of 30 without getting a single boyfriend. If they were going by soul age, Lex had also crossed the age of 30, though his physical age was only 15.

Like him, all the workers at the Inn were technically physically teenagers as well, though good old Jimmy and his gang of peacock warriors had officially entered their 20s.

Lex couldn't help but sigh.

"They grow up so fast," he said. Fortunately, Gerard and Lilith were still only just dating and hadn't moved on from that yet. Dating for multiple centuries was a very common thing among devils, so she didn't see that as odd.

Lex wouldn't know what he'd do if Gerard, like Harry, had a kid. Being an uncle was surprisingly stressful.

Lex teleported away to the Cosmic Sea, pushing his thoughts away. It was time for a quick dip, and hopefully he would keep himself from being assimilated by the sea this time.



Chapter 1108 Nemo

After a long time, Lex eventually found out why the Cosmic sea was so dangerous to everything it touched. It was not that the sea would kill everyone, or destroy whatever it touched. Rather, it assimilated everything into it.

The Cosmic sea appeared to be liquid, but in reality it was its own type of entity altogether. It could not be qualified and solid, liquid, gas, plasma or anything else Lex was familiar with, because it was a diluted essence of what made up reality. Basically, besides chaos energy, the cosmic sea is what the Midnight realm was using to build itself up.

Only and only once all of the cosmic sea was used up would the Midnight realm finally exit the very initial stage of being formed.

How Lex found out about the various traits of the cosmic sea was by testing out a technique that let him create many temporary clones that could be controlled within a certain range until they were killed or ran out of energy. The clones did not really contain any part of Lex's soul, so he was not afraid of it dying,, which is why one of the first things he did with his clone was send it swimming in the sea.

The clone was much weaker than Lex, and could at most amount to 1% of his strength, which is why Lex almost expected his clone to immediately die. But that's not what happened. Instead, he could feel as his clone was assimilated by the sea, turning into more of whatever the cosmic sea was. It reminded Lex somewhat of Cosmic Erosion Elixir which would absorb other things to create more of itself. But in this case, the sea was a lot more selective, and a lot more potent. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Having said that, Lex could resist the assimilation, which was good practice, not to mention it easily boosted his defense. Lex had not yet figured out how to absorb some of the sea during his cultivation yet. He was hoping it would give him some kind of massive powerup, but it did not seem possible yet. Considering the fact that Lex had by now absorbed two pieces of resin, the fact that he couldn't absorb the sea made him think it might be on an entirely other level!

Or that it just couldn't be absorbed. Speculation was pointless.

"Morning Lex," said a massive Koi fish as it stuck its head out of the sea.

"Morning Nemo," Lex responded, disregarding the slightly uncomfortable feeling the fish gave him.

After Lex learned what the sea was, he became genuinely curious as to what the monsters that could swim in the sea were! As it turned out, each one of them were extremely unique beings that could grow to become terribly powerful under the right circumstances.

The only reason Lex knew that was because Mary, who could now share more of her knowledge, knew about them. That was a big deal since even Pel had no idea what they were.

But Mary assured him that they would not be an issue since most of them would naturally die out once the cosmic sea was used up. Lex didn't mind so much, except for the fact that he and Nemo had become good friends.

The poor fish was incredibly lonely, since it had never met another living being. This was not because it lived in the cosmic sea, but because it naturally gave off an aura that was many times more potent than Dragons might! Even with the Inn suppressing its aura, it still managed to make Lex feel uncomfortable.

Lex had tried experiencing its aura outside the Inn, and had to rely on Domination to keep himself from crumbling. In its presence Lex felt a suppression similar to the from beings higher than him on the Cosmic Ascendance Spectrum, but much more extreme.

Naturally, given the extreme circumstances of the fish, Lex had scanned it, and suddenly everything made much more sense.

Name: Nemo

Age: 18,001

Sex: ~

Cultivation Details: Nascent soul peak

Species: Heavenly Koi Sovereign

Midnight Inn Prestige Level: 1

Remarks: Sovereigns can stay at the Inn rent free. Don't even think about charging!

Nemo was yet another sovereign, though it was much more naive and simple than even the turtle, which was technically a baby, since it had never met another living being. Since all it had ever done was swim in the Cosmic sea, Nemo had no whims or desires. It wanted for nothing, nor did it even understand what desires were. In fact, it had no complicated thoughts at all.

It was just happy that it had met Lex, and that there was another living being it could talk to. Considering how innocent and wholesome Nemo was, Lex wanted him to become an employee of the Inn, and that's when he learnt something new about systems. They absolutely refused to constrict Sovereigns in any way!

The turtle had become an employee because it wished for it to begin with, and if one day it wished to leave, the system would subserviently free it of its bindings and wish it well on its future endeavors!

Lex finally began to understand how dangerous Sovereigns actually were, but what he didn't understand was why the fish had such a strong aura when the turtle didn't. But that was a question no one could answer, not even Mary.

"Did you go swimming with Little Blue again?" Lex asked as he carefully dipped his toes in the cosmic sea.

Little Blue was not so little anymore, and had grown quite powerful as well. But regardless of its size and power, it still acted like a baby, which is why it and Nemo immediately became good friends. Considering Little Blue could tolerate the cosmic sea, and could be around Nemo as long as they were in the territory of the Inn, the two often went swimming together. Fenrir, who often felt left out, could only sulk on the beach since it could not enter the waters.

"Not today. Apparently Z is having a concert today, so it's busy with that."

"Ah, the concert, right. Well, be sure to watch the concert through a projection screen as well. There's no reason for you to feel left out."

"I will, but first I wanted to see if today is the day you can enter the sea."

"Seems fine so far. Now I just need swimming trunks that won't evaporate," Lex said as he watched his pants slowly assimilate with the sea. No matter what, he was not in the mood to swim naked in a sea made of universe fuel alongside a Sovereign. That was practically setting himself up for some kind of misadventure.



Chapter 1109 Insanity

Even if he might not be planning on swimming, he walked into the sea right up until his knees were submerged, and began resisting the assimilation. It was not an easy task, and was the only experience he ever encountered that he couldn't build a resistance to by cultivating in this condition.

Maybe he needed to meet some criteria to start building up a resistance to it. But until he figured that out, he would just train manually. Lex managed to resist the sea for several hours before his energy began to run low, so he took a break.

After saying farewell to Nemo, he teleported back to his meditation room and began to recover while sitting atop the dragon's head.

After years of using the dragon's body to strengthen himself, Lex assumed that the body might actually weaken. That was actually the plan for how to get Pel Jr. to take over the body. But the reality of the situation was quite different. The incredibly pure spiritual energy of the realm constantly replenished the body's energy, as well as bathed and purified it.

Over time, it was beginning to become even stronger! The only good thing was that after fifteen years of constant cultivation, Pel Jr. was becoming strong enough to barely control the body for a fraction of a second. For today's purpose, that would be enough.

Once Lex was back in peak condition, he invited Luthor into his Meditation room, wearing Firefighting gloves, the quest reward he got for creating tribulation rooms. Ordinarily, considering his unique physique, he would not need gloves to handle fire, but this was dragon fire from an immortal so…

Lex took out the Dragonburn Locket, something he had received a long time ago. It contained the secrets of fire breathing, and was an excellent tool for newborn dragons to learn about it. In this case, the locket would help Pel Jr. use firebreath to begin with, as it was too much of a strain on it.

Once he put the locket on the dragon's body, he stood in front of the dragon and made some preparations. He used the system to put up some barriers around Luthor, for protection, but for himself he only used his own techniques. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Over the past few years Lex had been experimenting with creating his own techniques, and had made decent progress in the field, and so tried to rely on his own techniques and abilities most of the time.

With sufficient preparations in place, Lex finally signaled Pel Jr. to begin. The dragon did not move. After all their preparation, all they managed to achieve was that the dragon was able to open its mouth a couple of inches, and shot out a thin, weak string of dragon fire.

Objectively speaking, it was quite a disappointing display considering what the dragon should have been capable of. Practically speaking, Lex was immediately faced with a life or death crisis.

It had been years since Lex felt so overwhelmed. All the shields he had put up, all the protective arrays he had used, and all the formations he put in place using the system were instantly incinerated. Luthor was instantly forced to use his Anachronistic Ignition bloodline to keep himself from being burnt to ash, yet for the first time ever, he felt his bloodline failing.

Although technically the bloodline was perfect, and the rulers it operated under could theoretically face any kind of danger, the bloodline was ultimately not suited to deal with situations that incinerated laws themselves.

In fact, were it not for his gloves which he was using to defend himself, Luthor might have already died. Such was an appropriate reaction from a Nascent soul facing dragon fire from a Heavenly immortal. What Lex was doing was, instead, ridiculous.

Faced with death, Lex felt not fear but glee! When all his techniques failed, and everything external proved itself ineffective in the face of overwhelming power, the only thing Lex could rely on was his body, or more specifically, himself.

Lex raised his hand and welcomed the tiny stream of fire into his palm. Coiled together, it was barely larger than an acorn, yet it was burning away everything in its vicinity, and Lex was no exception.

But compared to the laws that governed this realm, and that controlled Luthor's bloodline, compared to the techniques that were as brittle as a sheet of glass facing a meteor, compared to everything else that turned to ash before even touching the flames, Lex's body was taking a lot longer to burn.

As he held the tiny flame in his hand, ignoring the pain of the very meat his body was made of cooking, a gleam of excitement flashed through Lex's eyes.

He had not decided yet, but Lex was experimenting with the idea of having his tenet be about being the best at whatever he did. If he wanted the best defense in the universe, surpassing even Regal Embrace, and the best offense which surpassed even Mo's Blessing, then he might as well continue the trend.

There was a small part of his brain which was logical that told him that he was essentially setting himself up for failure by having such goals. But then there was another part of his brain that was more adventurous that told him not to take everything so seriously. If he was going to live life, he might as well live it trying to do something extraordinary.

Lex hadn't finalized what he was going to do yet, but he was giving himself a taste of what life might be like if he decided to be so extreme. It would be a series of unreasonable, unbelievable, completely insane events and obstacles that he would need to regularly overcome just to have the faintest hope of living up to such a tenet.

As Lex felt the dragonfire burn him, and use his very soul as kindling to keep itself burning, he oddly found that the only thing he could focus on… was the question of whether he could cultivate using this fire. It would surely burn his meridians if he tried.

But then again, he had already reconstructed his meridians after being turned into a meat patty, so what was a little fire damage?

He began to cultivate, and absorbed some of that dragon fire.

New novel



