Chapter 960 A chat

Another couple of days passed by while Lex made preparations. He tried to find out what would happen to the countless Minor realms attached to the Inn when the Inn became a realm of its own, but there was no one to ask. Mary didn't have the answer either.

He had to individually set up certain protective formations around many of the guests who were still experiencing a breakthrough, or in deep cultivation. It cost him a lot of MP, but there was nothing that could be done. A drastic change in the environment might cause their cultivation to destabilize, which was something he wanted to avoid.

He was also curious about whether or not the Henali portal would continue to work once they moved to a new realm. He'd have to wait to find out.

Besides that, he had to make sure he was ready for his breakthrough to the Nascent realm as well. This would be a very important breakthrough for him, especially since it would bring about changes in his relationship with the system.

He had already made plans for how he would deal with that, though he did not mention it to anyone yet, Mary included.

As a result, he spent more time cultivating. The pain in his meridians was reducing and he was getting closer and closer to the breakthrough. It was perfect.

A few more days went by, and just five days before the change, the Inn took on an ominous silence. There was a subtle, suppressive aura that permeated the grounds. The guests and the workers both noticed it.

The change caused some guests to feel uncomfortable, and they began considering leaving the Inn. But besides assuring them that there was nothing amiss, and that the Inn was on the verge of major renovations, the guests were provided no extra information. Ultimately none of them left, but they were incredibly unsure of the future.

Lex felt the heaviness too, and was filled with both anticipation and some concern. It was at this point that he decided to go visit Cassandra. He still did not know how she felt about the Inn.

A scan revealed that she was sitting on the peak of the Midnight mountain, amidst the clouds. Lex teleported over, in his baby form, to the very melodramatic setting. He was observing her closely using his system so he was able to detect the mildest change in her body when he teleported over, and could not help but smirk.

He was too used to being the one teleporting to and away from people, so at the temple when Cassandra did it to him all the time he felt somewhat odd. Now, finally, the tables were turned.

"How are you finding the Inn?" he asked as he walked over. As much as he hoped to see her gush about how incredible the Inn was, he could not deny that it had not yet reached the level of the temple. There was no use in being needlessly arrogant about it.

"It's quite impressive," she said, without reserve. "The air quality is phenomenal, and the most incredible thing about it is how it is naturally maintained through the flora and fauna. Then again, I expect nothing less than perfect from a place that has… a Galactic Sovereign as a gardener."

She could not help but turn her head down as she looked through the clouds towards the turtle. That was the most surprising thing she had seen at the Inn, but not the only she was taken aback by.

The thing that genuinely excited her was the presence of a human on the cultivation path of Primes! That was so incredibly rare that it could not be understated! She wanted to do nothing more than immediately approach him and begin his training. But that was not her objective here, nor was she at the temple. It would be best to restrain herself. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

She also used this time to get an understanding of some current events. It seemed humans had really fallen drastically from their glory days, to be even reduced to the devils farming tools. But that only boosted her motivation to gain as much as possible from this trip.

She also wanted to go to the Crystal realm and meet with the King the Innkeeper told her about, but since the Inn was currently sealed it was not an option. She did, however, make it a priority. Even if experiencing the birth of a new realm allowed her to become a Dao Lord herself, she would still do that.

"The Wishing Well is also interesting. The concept is extremely complex, but it's ingeniously done. I never thought someone would use such difficult laws to create a novelty item."

"Well, this is an Inn. We have to give our guests something to entertain themselves with."

"It is quite an interesting Inn. Very different from any I've visited before."

"Is that a good thing or a bad thing?" Lex asked while chuckling. He wouldn't mind getting some advice from her if she had any. It was always good to hear outside ideas and external views.

"It's neither good nor bad. Most Inn's I've visited were just places to rest while I performed some other task. The purpose of this Inn seems more like visiting the Inn itself is the main goal, not that it takes away from its ability to allow guests to rest while they perform other tasks. In fact, it's quite convenient, in a sense, since it can be accessed from anywhere - theoretically."

Lex simply nodded. It was not his intention to turn the Inn into a vacation spot rather than just an Inn. But the more options his guests had to spend MP on, the more he had to work with. In the end, this was the end result. But like Cassandra said, it was not like that took away from the Inn's ability to simply function as a hotel - at least when it was open to the public.

He sat down and chatted with her for a while. After this, neither he nor she would have the time to sit and converse like this for a long time.



Chapter 961 An end

Khuno, the now 14-year-old boy, looked up at his older sister, Cava. Both of them had been working for months now, something wildly out of their expectations, but the two of them paused now. Something was in the air, and it made him afraid.

Originally, they meant to spend some time at the Inn and then go back. But as they dug through the soil, as they worked with the plants, as they plucked fruits from trees, they were farming, but what they were actually growing was their own strength.

A week of working at the greenhouse at the Inn allowed them to grow a lot more than their ancestral training ever could. Even their parents were taken aback when they saw them. Unsure if the Inn was really the cause, the parents joined them as well. To their entire families great surprise, even their parents began to see rapid growth in their strength!

That's when they realized, whether it was the water from the Well of Invigoration, or the soil nurtured with the most potent fertilizers, or the air that was pure and filled with energy, they all joined together to make the greenhouse the best place to train they could ever hope to find!

The Lycanthropes had been losing the war in their home country. The human princess wielding secret powers had fallen in love with one of those absurd, shining bats, which turned the tides in their favor.

To protect the two, as well as train them, they had been sent to the Inn. Then, the Inn stopped accepting new guests. Just to make the most of the opportunity, they stayed and continued to train. Then a few days ago, a strange heaviness filled the Inn. They sensed something amiss, but assured by the familiar staff, they decided to stay.

A few more days passed, and the heaviness only continued to increase. Just as Khuno was considering actually leaving, there was a change in the air. Something was happening. Then they heard the Innkeeper's voice.

At the other side of the Inn, the Mountain-man was dreaming. His system made it so that his 'daily' cycle was actually several years long, so he spent a lot of time sleeping and resting. But even within his dream, he heard a familiar voice. It was calm, and reassuring, but he could not help but think that the voice did not belong in this dream.

Cassandra, who was still sitting atop the Midnight mountain, observed everything around her with rapt attention, as she did not want to miss a single thing. This was exactly what she had been waiting for.

The Sovereign turtle looked up, as it sensed something.

Hera firmly held her son Jimmy's hand. It would be alright.

Z, surrounded by members of his house of Starcloak, stood at the forefront and looked up at the sky. There was not an ounce of nervousness in his body.

Gerard and Velma sat together, in silence. They had been together the longest, and at this turning point, could not help but think back on their days together. Not all of it had been sunshine, and not all of it had been easy. But all of it had most definitely been a wonderful ride.

Fenrir and Little Blue cuddled together. For reasons that neither of them understood, they felt incredibly small and weak, and were reminded of their weakest moments. Both of them had come to the Inn as helpless babes. They had come far.

John looked up at the sky, slowly taking on an orange hue. It had been months, and he had not been able to get over the loss of his system. He felt just as broken as his system was, and did not know if he had the strength for a new journey. But a new beginning had arrived nonetheless.

Harry and Hailey stood on the balcony of their apartment, right above the barbershop, and looked at the Inn. They did not know how or when they had been infected by a melancholic mood, but there was something driving them to contemplate their life so far, and what they wanted from the future.

Every single living soul inside the Inn, at that moment, felt infected by an unknown mood.

Lex, who stood in the office of the Innkeeper, looked out at his Inn. The time had finally come. The past few days had gone by in a blur, and they had done the best they could to prepare. Now, all they could do was sit back and watch as the change happened.

As his mental countdown reached 0, he received a series of notifications from the system. The first was slightly alarming, or rather had the potential to cause alarm, so he used the system to spread his voice out across the Inn.

"Dear guests, fellow workers. Do not be alarmed. The Midnight Inn is about to undergo a massive renovation, because of which the teleportation function has been shut down completely. Until the renovation is completed, it is not possible to leave the Inn."

He used his utmost to speak those words in as soothing and calm a voice as possible, for he really needed everyone to not panic. That was because there were many more notifications he had received, and he needed to communicate the information to his guests as well. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"During the renovation process, you may witness some alarming scenes, but you will not be harmed at all. You can sit back and enjoy the scene treating everything as if it were just an illusion. For those with a slightly higher cultivation realm, you can also pay attention and observe. This may be beneficial for your comprehension."

He did not elaborate any more. Instead he just looked out at his Inn. Suddenly it made sense. In his visions of the future, he saw the Inn destroyed in fire right before his eyes, but he remained calm nonetheless.

It was because the realm was being reborn, but before that, it had to be utterly destroyed. Massive balls of fire appeared in the air, and began their descent. Fortunately, the second notification he had received informed him that the system would protect everyone and everything during the destruction of this realm.

So much for all the preparations they made. He continued to look as the first fireball crashed into the ground, and sent a rippling shockwave through the Inn.

WIth his eye that could see laws, Lex saw both the unfolding destruction, and the rebirth hidden within. The birth of the Midnight realm had begun.

[End of Volume 3]



Chapter 962 Offline

The lead up to the final day was not slow. Lex did not spend the days looking at the countdown, waiting with anticipation for the moment the big change happened. Instead, the final days were extremely busy.

The Inn was massive and prepping all of it for the big change was a monumental task that occupied the entire Inn workforce. Like ants, scurrying around in a rush to get their jobs done, all the workers were once again deployed, bringing forth a flurry of activity.

The guests had noticed it too, and may have been concerned about what was happening if the workers didn't all have an excited energy about them.

But the mood of the workers was one thing, and the building pressure in the Inn was another. Lex would have thought more guests would have left when the pressure started increasing, but the opposite happened. Guests actually stopped leaving, as they were all curious about what was going to happen.

Besides checking every once in a while to ensure his guests were fine, Lex did not have the time to fret over them. The last five days, Lex spent bringing his cultivation level to the very brink of a breakthrough, and making sure he was in the optimal condition.

In between cultivation sessions he went to the hot tub room to relax and even got a haircut from Harry to bring his state to its absolute peak. Just to be absolutely sure, he even went to Cassandra one more time to check if his state was the best it could be.

As it turned out, it was not. Lex had once again forgotten to sleep and eat. It was funny how easy it was to drop old habits once they transitioned from a need to a luxury.

On the final day, Lex slept for six hours, and fed on some extremely nourishing spiritual fruits. As the hours closed in, Lex teleported to his office and completely blocked out the world. He emptied his mind from all his thoughts, and meditated to calm himself down.

When he finally opened his eyes, the big change was only a few seconds away. He stood in front of the window in his office, and looked out at the Inn as he waited for the countdown to finish. When it reached 0, he heard a familiar ting.

New Notification: The Realm seed is sprouting. A new realm is being born. For the protection of the Midnight Inn, it is being completely sealed. Teleportation in and out has been disabled.

New Notification: The Midnight Inn is detaching from the Origin realm. The pocket realm within which the Inn is located will be completely destroyed.

New Notification: The birth process of a new realm takes approximately 1 hundred thousand years. New realms remain uninhabitable for approximately 20 million years.

New Notification: The destruction of the pocket realm, and birth of a new realm will release energies unsuitable for living beings. All guests, workers, non-sentient living beings, and Inn properties are being sealed so that they remain unharmed during the process, and isolated from the energies of the new realm birth!

New Notification: All isolated beings will remain in the pocket realm while it undergoes destruction, and will not be subject to the timeflow of the newly formed Midnight realm.

New Notification: Taro fertilizer remnants detected and used. Realm stabilization process expedited. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

New Notification: No system features can be accessed until the new realm is born.

As if on cue, as soon as Lex read the last notification, the interface he had become so familiar with, vanished. The Host Attire that he was wearing also disappeared, leaving him in his baby form.

Lex tried to conjure the interface once more, but nothing appeared. In the meantime, another meteor crashed into the ground, causing incredible destruction in its wake. But Lex did not feel like he was in danger. Although he could not feel the isolation barrier around him, the sense of security he felt while fire rained from the sky and destroyed the place he had called home for so long to let him know it was working.

He tried to teleport, but of course that was not working either.

"Mary, are you there?" he asked out loud.

For a time, the only sound Lex heard was that of rumbling and falling meteors. But eventually, a very faint voice reached his ears, as if through some kind of insulation barrier.

"I'm here," she replied, her voice somber and melancholic.

"Don't tell me I'm going to be stuck like this for a few million years," he said. He was absolutely certain it would not actually take so long.

"The formation of the realm really will take that long. But what was left out was that the flow of time will play a big role in speeding up the process, or at least, you yourself won't have to go through those millions of years. When the realm stabilizes enough to support life, the time flow will also become more stable, although I highly doubt it will be the same as the Origin realm even then. Whatever the case, I expect that the timing of the formation of the Midnight realm will coincide with the destruction of this, so we should be ready to move over just before this space collapses."

Lex did not immediately respond. Instead, he walked out of the office and looked all around the Inn as the intense flames burnt everything to cinders. He could not help but recall his first day when he was designing the Inn. He wanted to replicate a 'Lord's Manor' because he thought that would be cool. Even then, he had done such a half hearted job.

He had come so far now, but somehow, with his own hands, or through his own actions rather, he had burnt down everything he had created. It was for the better, but it still caused him to feel forlorn.

"Mary, you remember the first time we met? What did you say back then? That you're an augmented reality avatar to help me get used to the system. But with all the system features offline, how are you still talking?"



Chapter 963 Shooting star

﻿﻿Lex waited, but Mary did not respond. It did not matter. Soon, many questions would be answered. He realized that one of the things holding him back was his mistrust of the system. He did not trust something that basically controlled or affected his entire life! There was no way that was going to have a positive outcome. Fortunately, he had thought of a way to deal with this issue.

He put the thought out of his mind and began to stroll through the Inn one last time before it was all destroyed. He didn't know why the destruction of it was necessary, but as long as nobody was hurt he could overcome it.

In the air, several meteors struck the flying ship, but as a property of the Inn, the ship too was under protection, and so it suffered no harm. It probably had a killer view though. It was unfortunate that he could not teleport to it at the moment, but that was fine.

A dove flew to Lex and sat on its shoulder, and firmly pressed itself against the side of his face, tucking itself under his ear. It was trembling, and even though there was no threat to it, he could not explain that to the bird, so all he could do was let it sit as he walked around.

In the distance, Lex saw the idiot Fenrir riding the shockwaves through the air as if it was surfing, and Little Blue was frantically trying to catch up. At least someone was having fun.

He could see, in the distance, near the Midnight manor, dozens of guests had gathered in a small crowd and were huddled together. They looked frightened and panicked. Chances were they would leave the Inn and never come back after this was over, but Lex firmly believed that they would come around. After all, this was just the beginning.

What was most interesting was that, due to the security provided, the Mountain-man was sleeping through this disaster, as if he really were nothing more than just a mountain.

The Sky Lanterns, though unharmed, fell to the ground making the Inn feel very incomplete without them.

Main street was a complete mess. The buildings remained untouched and yet there was fire everywhere, filling the air with black, corrosive smoke.

A particularly big meteor fell, and this time instead of a bright, golden flame, the fire was green. It fell on the other side of the Midnight mountain, so he could only hear the devastation, and feel some of the tremors. He missed the big impact.

Lex wondered if he could possibly take a sample of the fire. He had done the same with the flame during his test in the temple, and then given it to Luthor since he could absorb different flames. He didn't know if Luthor had successfully absorbed it, or if he even liked it. But collecting different kinds of flames would be useful.

There was also an Inn worker who could control lightning. He'd heard from Velma that Z had a big crush on her. He wondered if she could absorb lightning too. Lex decided to gather some just in case.

When one could easily ignore the effects of destruction, and time did not seem to rush by in a desperate bid for survival, they would realize how slow the devastation actually was. It was taking forever for the fire to spread across the Inn. But then again, maybe that was because practically everything burnable in the Inn was protected by an isolation barrier.

Lex noticed that one meteor was heading towards him. Instead of moving out of the way, he just watched it descend. It did not crash directly onto him, but it was close enough where he was affected by the shockwave.

It did not hit him like a hammer, or even make him uncomfortable in the slightest. It did, however, launch his body through the air as Lex had made no preparations to resist its force. Like a shooting star, baby Lex was launched through the sky over an ever expanding sea of golden flames.

The warm wind on his face actually felt pleasant. He had to give it to Fenrir, this wasn't such a bad idea.

Just as Lex was enjoying the ride, he saw a figure rushing towards him in a hurry through the air.

It was an elf, and she looked absolutely horrified as she reached out and grabbed Lex's flying body.

"Oh my goodness, who lost their baby?" she exclaimed in horror as she hugged him tightly, looking around for a similarly flying parent somewhere.

"Actually, I'm on my own," Lex quickly clarified. "I was just enjoying being slung across the air by the meteor impacts. It's… it's actually quite fun."

The elf was startled by the baby suddenly speaking, and then she looked at him with pity.

"Did the scary situation give you brain damage? Poor child. It's going to be okay, I'll take care of you till we find your parents."

Lex facepalmed. How was he going to explain to this woman what he was doing?

Just as he was considering a decent explanation, he suddenly had a stupid idea.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Okay, just follow me. I'll show you," said Lex as they finally descended on a nearby hill. There was a group of guests huddled together on a hill right beside, who were all staring at them. Lex waved at them, before grabbing the elf's hand and pulling her along towards another falling meteor. The benefits of being stronger than he looked allowed him to succeed before she could resist.

"Just relax," Lex said to the horrified elf. The meteor, much larger than the previous one, crashed. The impact was greater, and the shockwave fiercer, which meant that they were launched even faster and farther than the previous time.

Lex could not help but laugh. This was actually quite fun, and it gave him an incredible view. The elf initially screamed, but was actually startled when she realized that she was completely unharmed! Then she looked around and was mesmerized. It was like she was witnessing a painting unfolding in real life. Never before had such utter destruction looked so beautiful. Lex's laughter was infectious, and soon the elf began laughing as well. The relief of surviving, and the euphoria of such an unexpected yet wonderful ride flooded her.

The sounds of their laughter echoed in the surrounding lands, reaching the crowd of guests who had huddled on the nearby hill. At first they were horrified. But then, they were intrigued. When their initial fear was reduced, ever so slightly, they remembered the words of the Innkeeper. They were absolutely safe. Some of their trust in the Midnight Inn was beginning to return. A particularly daring group broke off from the crowd, and made their way to a falling meteor. It was difficult to control the direction they flew in, and harder to stay together unless they were holding hands.

As a result, soon, a number of guests could be seen flying through the air, filled with excitement as they tried to yell out to their friends.

From up above, a hatch in the massive spaceship opened, and a number of guests and Inn workers began to glide through the air, astride flying peacocks.

The mood was infectious. Even without communicating, the idea of flying through the air spread, and soon the number of flying guests increased.

What was most interesting to see was that some guests, who were deep in meditation, had a sound insulating barrier around them as well. So when their abodes were struck by meteors, they too were launched through the air, still in their meditation pose, completely unaware of what was happening.

The spirits, who could not join in the fun, began to fly through the air anyway. They were being hit by severe FOMO (Fear Of Missing Out).

In just half an hour, the feelings of horror and fear were completely gone, and instead a game of extreme air tag had begun between all the guests as they tried to control the direction they were launched in, and tried to reunite with their friends.

At some point, Lex finally came across Fenrir, and decided to sit upon its back. The pup was absolutely filled with joy as its entire home had turned into a massive playground. But its excited expression paused for just a moment as it had a strange thought as it looked at the sea of flames beneath it.

"If the heat given off by a meteor of 50 feet in diameter is uniform, and it is around 10,000 degrees celsius at the moment of impact, one could cook 1,129,200 marshmallows per meteor."

The thought was strange and intrusive, and it did not know why it had that thought, especially since all the meteors were off different sizes, and the heat distribution could never be uniform. Perhaps it was just hungry.

It pushed away those thoughts and focused on enjoying itself. Then immediately it turned its head in a certain direction and looked into the distance. Someone really was roasting marshmallows over there!



Chapter 964 The Big Bang

﻿﻿What started out as a chaotic and fear inducing event soon turned into a party. Extreme emotions, whether positive or negative, led to extreme results. So naturally, when the fear for their lives elapsed, the elation of having avoided death gripped most of the guests. With Lex, Fenrir and the elf setting an example, it was only expected that the others soon followed.

Up in the clouds, Cassandra ignored the festive environment down below, as her focus was solely concentrated on the destruction of the realm.

She could understand a lot better than everyone else exactly what was happening, which is why she did not even allow herself a second to relax. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity, even for someone immortal, so she could not miss it.

What others saw was simply fiery meteors falling from the sky, but she could see that the laws that held the Inn together were being unraveled, slowly and systematically. The fire was just a smokescreen to hide what was truly happening underneath.

Even with a mere moment of contemplation, she could identify why the Innkeeper may be doing things like this. He was essentially erasing all traces of the Midnight Inn from this place, so that in the future, if anyone stumbled upon this place, they could not peer into the secrets of the Inn.

The smokescreen was only even effective because the fire spread from those meteors itself had a very destructive property, making it easy for one to believe that all traces had simply been erased by fire. In truth, he was making it so that not even peering into the past, or conducting some kind of powerful divination in this place, would yield any results.

She could also see that the process was being artificially slowed down, for whatever reason. She could not understand why that would be, but then again, how could she truly understand everything a Dao Lord did? Cassandra was merely studying everything that she could all around her.

The isolating barrier that had surrounded not only her but also all the others was especially interesting as well because she could tell that it served some other purpose. It was just that the other purpose had yet to be revealed.

Down below, the games continued for as long as the meteors fell. Whether it was the cultivators who had incredibly long lives, or the young children who were, for the first time, tasting the sweet fruits life had to offer, they both had no limit for how much they could play. Unfortunately for them, there was a limit on the meteors.

Eventually, when the entire surface of the Inn was covered in flames, and the water had all evaporated and the ground had become hard, like basked tiles, meteors stopped falling. But by then, the guests and workers had all gathered together to form one large group, for the unusualness of the situation made them somewhat insecure.

Many guests could not help but ask what kind of renovations were going on, or when they could expect to be allowed to leave. But the workers had no real answers. Lex had only given them limited information, not because he didn't trust them, but because he wanted this to be as much of a surprise to them as anyone else.

Some knew more than others, but they ultimately did not say much. In the end, all they could do was remind them of the Innkeeper's instructions. Right before this all began, he did specify that for those with a keen eye, this could be a great opportunity.

A part of Lex was slightly concerned. After all, he had just read a few notifications that said the realm would take several million years before it was capable of sustaining life. Although Mary had said that the difference in time flow will reduce the actual time he experienced, the uncertainty of the matter was nerve-wracking.

After all, they were all just casually standing in a literal sea of fire!

For a short time, things continued like that. Everyone could feel that something was approaching. Something significant was about to happen.

Then the ground cracked. At first, it was barely noticeable. But then the ground started to make strange noises, and then a major crack appeared with an accompanying boom.

Although the guests had, by now, realized that they were not in harm's way, they still couldn't help but get nervous.

A few more massive cracks appeared, and then the ground started to shake. Just before everyone became too nervous, Lex heard a familiar sound in his head.

New Notification: The Midnight realm has been born. Beginning teleportation.

Unlike all other times, when the Inn's teleportation was seamless, this time was different. Lex felt something wrap itself around him, forming a thick layer. He used his left eye and saw that not only was he being wrapped up in special energy, so was every other guest, as well as all the Inn buildings. The most bizarre thing was that even the countless entrances to the Minor realms were being wrapped in the same energy.

Everyone who felt the energy calmed down, as they could tell that something was finally happening. Then their surroundings changed, and they all found themselves standing on an invisible platform. Far below them, in the distance, what was once the Midnight inn could be seen.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Everyone watched in silence as the ground continued to collapse into itself, and the geography changed completely. The fire changed color from golden to purple, and then blue, and finally black, leaving behind nothing in its wake, not even ash.

Lex assumed that he may be about to witness the birth of a black hole, since it originally seemed that the ground was suffering from an increase in gravity. But as it turned out, it was just being burnt out of existence completely.

Once the black flames disappeared, there was nothing. For a single moment, they were surrounded by complete and utter darkness.

Then their surroundings changed once more. They were still on the invisible platform, but far beneath them was a new landmass - one that they had never seen before.

It looked like an ever-extending piece of rock, floating in space, except that the rock was so massive that so space could be seen beneath them at all.

New Notification: All guests will be kept isolated from the flow of time while the realm finishes stabilizing.

Streams of golden energy, visible to the naked eye, seemed to appear from the air itself, and began bathing the massive rock. More and more streams of energy appeared, all in vibrant colors the likes of which Lex had never even seen or imagined before.

It was like art, if art could not be seen but felt directly from the soul, as he did not feel like he was seeing the colors as much as he was feeling them.

Lights, so blindingly bright that they threatened to sear Lex's brain itself, covered the land while Lex continued to watch. After all, he was still under the protection of the system!

The rock broke into fragments so small they were difficult to see, but suddenly their view changed, or they appeared closer to the fragments, and Lex realized that even those so-

perceived miniscule fragments were absolutely enormous.

He could not understand how big they were, because he had nothing to scale them with. He did not know how close or far he was. For all he knew, each fragment could be the size of a star system, or maybe even a galaxy.

Reality changed in front of his eyes, as solid lost meaning. The rock fragments turned into liquid, and then into energy, and then into something else. Lex lost all concept of what he was seeing, and when he looked around, he found that almost everyone besides him was in a daze.

Only very few still seemed to be lucid, such as Cassandra, a few devils, Z, and a few other notable guests. Even the likes of Anita and Qawain, two immortals, were caught in a daze as they looked at… at whatever was happening.

He looked back down, determined to memorize everything he saw, even if he couldn't understand it. Everything was mixed together, as if in a melting pot. At a certain point, Lex was no longer even sure he was seeing things, or if his mind was just creating abstract images in a futile attempt to piece together what was happening around him.

The only thing, he realized, that seemed familiar to him, was time. Time continued to flow, though he was certain that it was flowing much faster than he could actually perceive. Perhaps, what he felt as one second was actually one hundred thousand years.

Then, at some point, all the color in existence vanished, returning everything to darkness for a fraction of a second, before resulting in a massive explosion. Lex did not feel the shockwave, nor did he see the explosion. He only saw white, and a part of him knew that he had just experienced, to some degree, certain events that happened before the big bang that was theorized to have created the Origin realm, at least by humans on earth. Now, now he was experiencing the big bang itself.



Chapter 965 Epiphany

﻿﻿Lex's achievements in life were not insignificant, and his skill and knowledge were far beyond his own level. But no matter how impressive he was, he was thoroughly out of his league right now.

In fact, even though he did not understand anything he was seeing, he could feel that even with his lack of comprehension, his cultivation realm was somehow... it was not increasing, but getting deeper whatever that meant.

Though, with his soul, he could feel time passing by, he lost track of exactly how much time had elapsed. The white light seemed to extend into infinity, and had encompassed all of reality. Perhaps a part of his mind was numbed so that he would not feel the effects of what felt like years passing by, or maybe the light only lasted a brief moment, but the light overwhelmed his brain, causing it to lag, just like his old pc used to.

He could swear that, somewhere in the back, he heard the Sovereign turtle say "oh dear". But at the same time, the concept of sound seemed strange. As if sound itself did not exist yet.

Someone snapped their fingers, or maybe it was the universe, or this new realm that snapped into place. The next thing Lex knew, he was standing above beautiful lands that extended into the horizon.

A part of Lex's mind realized that at some point, he too had become dazed like many of the guests, and he was finally waking from it.

He looked down, directly below him, and the world seemed to be moving incredibly fast. It was like someone was playing a city builder video game and wanted to skip the building part, so they hit the fast forward button. Only, time was not flowing two or three times faster.

No, it was moving thousands of times faster.

He could see the landscape changing underneath him. The greenery he saw was not plants, but instead it was something he was much too familiar with. It was lava! It was moving and flowing, forming the contours of not just the land, but the very laws that governed them.

Birds flew in the sky, and turned into water and rained down. Snakes slithered out from the skies and exploded into fireworks, forming the stars. Ants traversed space, and created trails in the nothingness, so that laws had paths to flow.

Lex entered another daze. This time, when he came to, he really was floating above land. This time, it was not metaphorical land, or some energy or abstract entity. It was solid land, made of dirt and rock and countless other things.

But there was no life on it yet. Water flowed, yes, and tectonic plates shifted, but there was not a single hint of life yet. But the process was not over. Time still moved faster than Lex could comprehend.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Storms hit the land, stronger and more devastating than anything Lex had ever experienced. Not even the missiles he stole from Pelvailin could match a single clap of thunder in those storms. Lex had a feeling that if he experienced just the sound of that thunder with his physical body, he would be turned into minced meat.

The winds were... they were visible, if that made sense. It was not that they had color, but that Lex could see as they sliced through whatever obstructed their path, leaving behind chopped fragments.

Hail fell onto the ground like carpet bombs, leaving destruction in their wake.

The sunshine eviscerated everything it touched.

The night left everything frigid cold.

The land seemed a victim of all of nature's designs, but its resilience was unparalleled, for no matter what it faced, it survived.

Lex felt like he had an epiphany, and his cultivation technique began to work on its own. His eyes were still locked onto everything happening down below, and his brain was recording everything. But his body was cultivating, and evolving at a visible rate.

His concept of defense and toughness were changing, and even the way his body recovered and restored were being altered as if to mimic everything he was seeing.

But the change was all too much. Lex did not realize when he closed his eyes, or when he blocked off his senses. He did not realize what was happening all around him, because even before his body touched an iota of the energy he was expecting to experience in the new realm, his breakthrough began.

It was the most seamless experience he ever had. There was no obstruction as his realm changed, and the energy within his body began to come out of his core and fill every single inch of his body.

But there was a problem. Every breakthrough required a massive amount of energy, but the isolation barrier was preventing him from touching upon any of the energy in the new realm. It had judged that the energy was, as of yet, too potent for any of them. It only made sense, for not even the Mythical beings associated with the birth of a new realm had been born yet, that is how chaotic the energy in the realm was.

But his process had begun, and his body required energy. The isolation barrier around him, functioning solely on predefined programs, thinned just enough to let the slightest sliver of energy through.

Much in the way that Lex's body had turned to ash when it touched the chaos energy released by dissolving space, his body began to turn to mush as it touched this new energy.

But that no longer mattered. His cultivation technique was working in full, and it was channeling the energy into his body, not his Golden core, so Lex did not immediately die.

This was not a coincidence, as the moment he sensed danger, Lex woke up from his epiphany and took control of his breakthrough.

He had lost a small opportunity by waking prematurely, but at the same time, his cultivation technique was using the energy that created new realms to create his new body, so he also gained a massive opportunity.

The Lotus on his back also trembled, and exited his body for the first time since it had latched onto him. It too wanted to break through to a new realm.



Chapter 966 Cultivation levels

﻿﻿Cultivation progressed differently for different beings. The cultivation levels, as humans identified them, were a good standard to measure strength by, but other races may skip over certain realms. A very simple example of this was the fact that countless races were born at a higher cultivation level, such as dragons.

So while an upgrade for a human may result in extensive growth in power, such as moving from the Nascent realm to the Earth Immortal realm, that did not mean much on a universal scale. That was just the level of growth a human body and soul could sustain, before they needed to strengthen or amend their being, making it more amenable to more growth.

So, for a World Seed Lotus, growth looked like transforming from a lotus into a world. The power difference between those levels was absolutely massive.

But Lotus did not immediately burst into a metamorphosis and begin transforming into the world. It simply took in the scene of whatever was happening. It had been doing the same from Lex's body, but since Lex blocked out all his senses to focus on his own breakthrough, it had to come out.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

But it was on the verge. It could feel that observing the birth of a new realm would be immensely beneficial for it, and its entire species! It had not forgotten the talk Lex had with it back at the temple, and the idea was beginning to take root. Why should it settle for a planet if it can be an entire star system, or maybe something even greater?

Why accept death when it can continue to support its friends, or others of its race. Lotus' mind did not work in the same way as a humans, and so it perceived existence very differently. It was very purpose oriented, so much so that even death was justifiable, or even recommended, if it could achieve its purpose. But if there was a higher purpose, then even if it had to make the sacrifice of not dying, it would do so!

Lex's body, meanwhile, was going through an unusual change where it was dissolving and regenerating at a visible pace. This was not an actual part of his realm breakthrough, but because it was happening simultaneously, his cultivation technique was reforging his body and its tolerances much faster.

For a normal human being, the Nascent realm was a fundamental change in their existence. So far, across the many realms, they had built their Foundation and prepared to access higher levels. The Nascent was, technically, more of the same. It allowed the soul to become strong enough to exist independently without the protection of the body.

Because of that, since the body was merely a vessel for the soul, cultivators could have their soul exit their body. They would gain the ability to sense other souls as well, and influence souls in general. It was at this level that one of Lex's favorite techniques, Evisceration, became less potent because enemies would have ways of protecting their souls.

But at the beginning, their soul was merely strong enough to exist without the body, and was not really strong enough to completely abandon the body. Nevertheless, it allowed the cultivator to a whole new world of possibilities.

They could abandon their bodies, even, if it was destroyed, or perhaps their Golden core was crippled, and possess another one. No other body would be as perfectly compatible for the soul as the original, which would result in a loss of strength, but it definitely beats dying. Not to mention, there were many ways around it.

Back on Earth, it was impossible to enter this realm in the traditional way, because the breakthrough was initiated by certain evolutionary laws. That was not to say that those laws weren't present on earth, but rather a weaker concentration of spiritual energy made it more difficult for cultivators to sense those laws.

To be clear, Nascent sou cultivators were still far away from being able to wield laws, or even properly sense them. But like the many realms before it, the Nascent realm was preparing the groundwork for the realms ahead.

The problem Lex, in particular, had was that his body, spirit and soul were merged. That meant his soul could not technically exithis body the way they did for other humans. If the breakthrough attempted to loosen the soul from the other two, it would greatly harm Lex, if not outright kill him.

This was not even mentioning the many subsequent problems he would have in the later cultivation levels if he did not achieve it in some manner. Lex himself did not have enough of an understanding of the higher realms to come up with a cultivation technique, which could take into account the many changes he would need to face, which is why he had to grow his cultivation technique.

Although he may have overachieved by a large margin, his cultivation technique had evolved, and he could now cultivate to higher realms once more. The difference was that instead of his soul leaving his body, he was gaining a new ability altogether.

He was gaining the ability to turn his physical body directly into a soul state. When he achieved that, Lex would unknowingly be able to enter all three states that made his being.

His physical being was his ordinary state, and through Mindmeld he could turn into thought, or spirit, if seen through a different lens. Being able to turn his being into a soul state would finally allow him to achieve all three!

It would also make him endlessly more resilient! Back when Lex had entered the Temple of Fasting, he had survived despite the thorough destruction of his organs because, well, as long as even a piece of meat in his body was still alive, his soul would continue to exist. That meant that as long as his Golden core was unharmed, and could supply his body with even a miniscule amount of energy, he could continue to live.

Now, though, even that requirement was no longer necessary…

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.



Chapter 967 Today

If there was one thing Lex was grateful for, it was the fact that his body being dissolved did not cause him any pain. Maybe his nerves and pain receptors were being dissolved as well, which prevented him from feeling much of anything, really.

But even so, whenever his body was reformed, he could feel it was much more powerful. For regular humans, the Nascent realm elevated their soul strength primarily, with only minor additions in other aspects. For Lex, it was completely irrelevant which aspect was strengthened, because they would all mutually strengthen one another.

But the increase in strength was just a side effect. The main change was that his body was being altered in a way that it would be able to turn into the soul state. That meant that in the future, even if his Golden core was crushed, he would not die as long as a single speck of his body remained.

Of course, gaining the energy to once again regrow his body was an entirely separate issue that would need to be addressed at the time. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Cassandra, who was by far the person who was benefiting the most out of everyone here, looked at Lex momentarily. She was not at all surprised that his breakthrough was strange. In fact, it was expected. If Lex ever did anything ordinary, she would be disappointed instead.

Lex himself did not know he was being judged by those around him. At least he was not causing any visions or strange phenomena this time around, not that he would have been able to do much about it even if he was.

Once he was sure that his cultivation would continue to cycle on its own, and that he had adapted enough not to be instantly crippled in case some more energy from the new realm entered his body, he turned his attention inwards.

Diverting his focus during a breakthrough was not advisable, and Lex had not planned to do it in this way. But now that things were in motion, he had to adapt. After all, this was important too.

His soul sense enveloped his body, and deep within himself he saw the golden shining ball that was the system. At the moment, it was shining brighter than ever before, mainly because it was literally controlling the birth of the new realm. If that had not been happening, the system would have been preparing to merge with his soul!

Lex did nothing. He only observed it, for now. The realm continued to undergo countless changes right beneath them, the forces of nature combating against one another.

Eventually, whether it was hours later, or maybe even days, the first sign of life appeared on the land beneath them, and at that very moment, the entire realm underwent an enormous change. But what that change was, nobody saw, including Cassandra, for the isolation barriers around everyone thinned, and the purest form of vitality rich energy flooded their bodies.

Everyone immediately began cultivating, regardless of whatever they had been doing before. Meanwhile, inside Lex, the system's glow finally reduced. It seemed like it was resting before it began to merge with Lex, but he was exactly there to stop that from happening.

"I think it's about time you and I have a talk," Lex said within his own soul, towards the system. In here, Lex did not need to display Dragons Might, for it was a part of his very being. He was already in his most formidable state.

The system, as Lex expected, did not respond. It continued to rest.

"I think you are forgetting I have soul sense. I can literally sensesouls! That includes you, system, and, yes, that includes you too, Mary."

Still, neither of them responded. Outside, his body continued to evolve, so there was plenty of time. He was in no rush.

Eventually, when half of Lex's body had already changed under the influence of the energy, the system's glow increased. It moved, as if about to merge with Lex's soul, but a pressure suddenly encompassed it, preventing it from merging.

Lex did not delude himself into thinking he could force the system into doing anything. The power it contained was far beyond what he could even imagine. But he could at least resist with his soul. He could at least make the process a little bumpy.

The sound of an exhausted sigh reached Lex's ear, and Mary's figure appeared in front of him. This was inside his own soul, so a projection could not reach here. For Mary to appear here was as good as admitting that she had a soul, and was not just a mere projection.

"Why are you doing this, Lex? Haven't you benefitted enough from the system? Hasn't your life improved tremendously because of it? Why do you still doubt everything?"

"Because I just can't help but shake the feeling, Mary, that not everything is as it seems. Everything the system has given me is too good to be true. Literally, it is too good! Countless immortals have not had the level of opportunities that I have, and it has only been a few years. Such a good deal, how can it exist? I just can't believe it. For something so great to exist, it must have a similarly great price. I cannot even imagine what I will have to pay for all this."

Lex's voice was not accusatory, as Mary had expected. He was not angry or suspicious. He was just… using common sense. It was because he had gotten so many great things that he had to take precautions. After all, he did not want to lose them.

Time and time again, he had suffered due to momentary bouts of arrogance. He did not want to make the same mistake when it mattered most.

"Today, once and for all, I'm going to get my answers. Don't think I don't have many already. Isn't the reason you look down on me so much because my level on the Cosmic Ascendance Spectrum level is too low? Yet you fawn and please the turtle any chance you get, exactly because of its level. Well, I am no longer the person I was when you met me. Today, you willrespond to me."

The golden ball of the system vibrated softly.



Chapter 968 New rules

﻿﻿Mary and Lex both looked towards the ball as it vibrated, no, hummed softly. It was very important that the system respond to him, for he did not wish to take drastic measures.

"You should not compare yourself to the Sovereign Galactic turtle," a young, immature voice spoke out loud. It almost sounded cute.

"It is rude to the turtle. You should be honored that it gives you so much attention, not throw a tantrum about feeling inferior."

Despite everything he had been through, Lex could not help his lip from twitching. He was under so much pressure, facing off against the system that had given him so much trouble, and here it was, with the cutest little voice, instructing him not to misbehave. The fact that the system sounded so sincere, instead of condescending as he had imagined, somehow made the situation worse. Or better. He could not tell.

"So you respond at last," Lex said, focusing on the matter. He could not afford to get distracted.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"I have less than 20% functionality, and no mouth. I don't know how you expect me to answer you. Sending remarks and notifications already demands so much of my attention."

"Don't you pretend like you sent those remarks for me," Lex nearly snapped. "You were just enjoying making fun of me."

For a few seconds the system did not respond, almost as if it felt shy.

"What do you want to talk about?" it ultimately asked. "I don't have the energy to sustain this. Even now, the only reason I can communicate with you like this is because of the energy in the new realm. By the way, this is breaking a lot of rules, so expect a lot of quests to make up for it."

"Why did you pick me to land on? There were a couple of Demi-Dao Lords on earth, not to mention many other, much stronger cultivators. Even if only from a point of view of the spectrum, then there were better options than me.

"What is the purpose of the systems? Where did they come from? Why is it that the systems can do such incredible things, but no one suspected me of having a system? Do the all powerful Dao Lords really not know about systems? Let's… let's start with these few questions first."

The system hummed once more for a few seconds before answering.

"Why is it that all of your questions break rules? To be clear, I can answer your questions. But the more rules I break, the more miserable your life is going to be. So knowing that, are you sure you want me to answer?"

Lex hesitated. He did not expect the system to be so cooperative. Getting any answers out of Mary had been nigh impossible, but then maybe she just couldn't disregard the rules the way the system could. Who was she really? That was also one of the questions he wanted to ask.

But for now, he focused on the matter at hand. If, for his own safety, he could only ask a few questions, then he had to be selective.

"Why did you pick me?" he asked, once more. He already had an answer from Mary for this, but he just didn't believe it.

"A quick scan of the star system revealed you as one of 11 candidates with the greatest potential for fulfilling the role of a Host. The Demi-Dao Lords did not qualify because they had too many restrictions on them. When searching for a host, someone who has not started their cultivation path is preferable to one who has. So, out of the 11, you were the only one left, making you the default choice."

Eleven candidates? Who could they be? No wait, that did not matter. What did potential for fulfilling the role of a host mean? What is the role of a host? Is it to have the system grow as powerful as possible?

Lex had these questions and more, but the questions came with a price, so he had to be selective.

"What… what is the purpose of the systems?" he asked, after deliberation.

"I can tell you, but it'd be pointless to do so. In that case let me answer a different question. You asked why the powerful people don't know about systems. It's because if the wrong person learns details they shouldn't, their memories are wiped. If you ever meet someone with a system and amnesia, then pretty much that's what happened to them. If you ask the wrong question, your memory will be wiped too, but you'll be stuck with the bill anyway. Better be careful."

The system was speaking like a little boy, explaining the rules of the house to his even younger brother. The innocence and simplicity with which it spoke of earth shattering things was both entertaining and horrifying.

So someone, or something, out there was wiping memories left and right, regardless of one's cultivation level. That was not scary at all.

"How… how can I be sure that you won't harm me in the future?" he asked, unsure of what he was even allowed to ask. What was the point of getting an answer if his memory would be wiped a moment later?

"Um, I'm bound to you, pretty much. If something happens to you, then I get hurt as well. So I have no incentive to hurt you, unless you fail a quest with a clearly outlined punishment."

Lex grit his teeth. This was not nearly as revealing as he was hoping. But it was still progress, in a way.

"I don't want to fuse you to my soul."

"Hmm, that's fine. But it will slow down my recovery, and you won't gain the control over my abilities as much as you wish. It's your loss, to be honest."

"That's fine. But speaking of control, I have some things I want to talk to you about. Moving forward, I want to change the way the Inn functions. We need new rules."



Chapter 969 Win-win

How cooperative the system was being was completely unanticipated on Lex's behalf, and threw him for a loop. But the problem was, even though the system was being cooperative, Lex learned nothing new.

So not only would Lex have to pay some kind of penalty for his questions, he was getting no real answers either. The only assurance he had that the system was not out to harm him was its word. For now, he would live with that.

What was most important to him, however, was to make sure that the system did not fuse with his soul, and that he got some say in how the Inn operated from now on.

He was adamant on rejecting the fusion, for his soul was literally him. If an unfathomably strong system, which also had a soul of its own, fused and became a part of him, Lex would have no idea if he would still be Lex moving forward, or he would be the system. Or perhaps, he'd be something entirely new altogether.

Since he did not know how amenable the system would be to his demands and requests, he mixed in his true purpose amidst his many other concerns. Perhaps it was unnecessary caution, but he took his life very seriously. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"I just told you that rejecting the fusion would mean you have less control over the system. Now you literally want more. That's not how this works."

Lex snorted. These would be perhaps the most important negotiations of his life, at least in the near future. There was no way he would go easy on the system. Now that he had recovered from the surprise, he had gathered himself up to be immune to the charm of the system's innocent voice.

"You're talking to me about rules, but I'm pretty sure that taking someone without any cultivation, and then having Demi-Daolords as their first guest is not a part of the rules either. If the system gives priority to someone with no cultivation, which is extremely suspicious by the way, then the quests and scope of the system should also remain within his power level. I get that because you're damaged you couldn't help it, but as far as I'm concerned, that was a pretty drastic breach of the rules as well."

The system did not respond for a time, and its glow became more intense. Lex could not tell what that meant, but if he had to guess, he'd say that the system felt awkward or shy.

"It's a two-way street," the system finally answered. "You were faced with many great challenges, but the features you got were also similarly much more advanced than what you could have received at your level. If the Inn had started normally, it would have had no teleportation feature, and would have started as a regular Inn based in your own world."

"Giving me random features is not recompense, not to mention, that was not your intention anyway. The Inn literally could not have functioned without it. I am not being unreasonable. You can see my performance has been amazing so far. If you allow me to make a few changes, it will be better for the Inn. You'll also get a chance to recover faster. Not to mention, if you really are bound to me, the stronger I get, the better it is for you. So it's a win-win, isn't it?"

"Lex, if everything were under my control, then I would do things a lot differently. But they're not. Just as there are rules for you, there are rules for me. Everyone has to play their part, don't they? Tell you what, tell me all the changes you want to implement, and I'll tell you what I can manage."

Lex did not immediately answer. There were many things he'd visualized he'd do if he could control how the system worked. But while there were many things he knew, he was also aware of how ignorant he was about the universe as a whole.

He could only plan for and anticipate dangers he was aware of, but if he did not even know that certain dangers existed, how could he prepare for them?

As far as his personal cultivation went, he could ask Cassandra, or even Pelvailin. But due to the image he had built as the Innkeeper, there was almost no one he could ask for help. Almost, because there was still one person who knew about his identity as the Innkeeper.

He turned to look at Mary, who was only silently watching from the side. What was her role in all this? Based on all the information he had, he could venture a guess.

"Before we get into those things, what about her? How does she fit into this?"

"Oh, that is one of the simpler questions you've asked. There's no punishment for this either. The entity who you have named as Mary is actually a soul remnant is my previous host, before I became the Midnight Inn. The short of it is that she faced an enemy she could not defeat and ended up dying, and I was also destroyed.

"But, through means I do not fully understand, she made herself a part of the system, yet has still retained her soul, and somehow survived actual death. The more the system recovers, the more she will also recover. But do not worry, she can no longer be the host, nor does she have any control over the system. In fact, she can't do anything that breaks the system's rules at all."

"Is there any way I can free her from the system?"

"It's completely impossible. I do not know how she managed to do what she did, and she cannot tell you what she did either because that would entail revealing the inner workings of the system. The rules prevent her from divulging such secrets. So, only if you gain your own understanding of the systems can you even begin to start thinking of a way to separate her."

Lex rubbed his chin as he contemplated what to do next. He was not too surprised about the revelation about Mary. In fact, he sort of already expected it. Now he just needed to think about how he could use it to his own benefit.



