Chapter 1000 It is time

Lex had to use everything to keep himself from cracking a smile or laughing out loud as he watched the drama-cats theatrics. No matter what, he had not been prepared for them to fall on their knees and start lamenting their great fate to their 'lawd'.

It was both funny and adorable. But Lex began to sense that the time for his first showdown in this realm was slowly approaching, so he had to rush.

"Come, let me show you the city. We haven't even determined if you like it or not. If you don't, then you do not have to use it, as others naturally will. As for the rest of the drama-cats ability to pay, I can only wish you good luck."

Lex teleported them to the underground city, which was lightly illuminated by a type of moss planted all around. Ventilation, Lex discovered, was one of the greatest issues in developing an entire underground city. But given his new capabilities, it took him hardly any time at all to come up with an arrangement for a natural and persistent flow of air to flow through the settlement, driven by strategically placed holes in the ground, a few heatsinks and the natural action of hot air to rise.

Essentially, cold air would enter the city through the holes and travel across the various sections of the city until it encountered a heatsink which would quickly heat up the air and then rise up through a network of chimneys and vents.

Of course, creating such a natural cycle was just giving it a bit of an edge, for the system itself would ensure that the environment stayed perfect. But it felt nice to create a design which automatically accommodated for a number of problems.

For now the underground city was a bit bare, but he planned on filling it with a number of other bioluminescent plants to add both light and color to the settlement.

"By the fuzz on my chin, it's perfect," Jacob muttered as he lost himself in the sight of the sprawling city. Lex felt like he really should stop giving them so much good news in such a short time. It probably wasn't good for their hearts.

"Explore at your leisure," Lex said, as he sensed something a critical moment was approaching. "I have some matters to take care of, so I must depart. You can find one of the Inn workers for help if you need it."

"Who will save the world, if the savior is busy with us? Depart, Innkeeper, and deprive the world of your magnanimity no longer."

Lex could not help but chuckle before he teleported away. When he reappeared, he was no longer wearing his Host Attire, and was in his baby form, standing at the tip of Midnight mountain. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Cassandra was sitting cross-legged, one of her eyes completely closed, and the other nearly so.

"I was hoping you would visit," Cassandra said with a strained voice. "I have little time. I am about to fall into an epiphany state, and I cannot say when I will wake. I have some advice for you. Listen closely. Your cultivation is very strange, even I nor the temple can see through it. But I have seen one thing. The Nascent realm is there to prepare your soul to bear the burden of laws, but your soul has already experienced so much tempering in this manner that the entire realm is pointless for you.

"Thus, whether you try or not, you will surpass the Nascent realm in record speed. For others, a hundred years would be quick to become an immortal, but I doubt you will be able to stay mortal for even a year more. But for all your strengths, you have one extreme weakness. Your comprehension of the straightforward is astounding, but your understanding of the profound is weak.

"No matter what, you must completely master the Inferno Blade and Stalwart Guardian sword techniques before you begin to form your Tenets of immortality. You struggle with the abstract aspects of those techniques exactly because your mind is closed off. If you form your tenets in such a state, you will forever weaken your foundation. Only once you free yourself from the limits of your own experiences can you achieve the peak..."

Cassandra's voice became weaker and weaker as she spoke, and in the end she was unable to keep her eyes from closing completely. The moment that happened, her body seemed to dissipate, making one think that she had dismissed her clone. But Lex knew that this was actually a form of protection for her clone while it underwent an epiphany. Perhaps, when she woke up, she would be a step closer to the Dao lord realm, or may even be ready to take a step to it.

Lex recalled his sword technique Inferno Blade. He had learnt it in an effort to improve himself, as well as refine his sword intent so that he could eventually absorb the sword in his soul. The first three moves, he had learnt at a glance. The last three, he could not even begin to understand.

"So I have to suppress my cultivation growth till I learn these?" he murmured to himself. If that was the case, he might as well start now. He turned his head towards where he sensed the maliciousness from, and teleported in that direction.

Though he teleported to the limits of the Inns boundary, he did not actually use the Host Attire to do so. Once, he needed the system's aid to do everything. It had all seemed so magical. Now, he suddenly discovered that many of the things the system allowed him to do, he could do on his own.

When compared to how magical he thought it would be… it was even freaking better!

Using his instincts, he traced the source of the malicious intent, uncaring about how far it was. Although the range of his spirit sense had grown, and could now encompass an entire 600 miles(1000 km), he seemed to be able to follow his instincts even farther! Though admittedly, he could not see anything. He just found the location.

From the top of the wall Lex took a single step forward, but in the next moment he appeared in a completely different region. Rather than the lush and thriving region of the Midnight Inn, he found himself in barren, scorched lands that had suffered the scars of a brutal war.

Countless bodies covered the ground for as far as the eye could see, and one could immediately tell that two sides had fought a grievous battle here. But their battle had somehow given birth to some kind of monstrosity, resulting in the defeat of both sides.

In front of Lex stood a massive creature with a body that spanned dozens of miles. The bottom half of its body was exactly like a centipede, with exactly 100 long, bony legs on each side of its long body. The top half, for some unknown reason, had the torso and face of a human, though sized proportionally to its gigantic body. But instead of the hands of a human, it had gruesome, jagged claws like that of a praying mantis.

The creature had not noticed Lex yet, as it was busy consuming the bodies on the ground, though even in that state Lex could feel an intimidating aura from it.

A sword appeared in his hand. It was time for the Midnight realm to welcome the warbringer.



Chapter 1001 Centipedal

Lex was standing in the middle of nowhere, far away from the Midnight Inn. But, oddly enough, the sense of control he had in the Inn did not disappear. This was the first time he was stepping outside the Inns territory since raising his level, so he was only now noticing the change.

Within the Inn, it was the system that empowered him and gave him absolute control over his environment. But right now, while he did not have absolute control, he felt like it wouldn't be so hard to manipulate the world.

When he looked at the field of endless bodies, he could sense a strange pattern once again. It was as if the random layout of the bodies of the deceased was not so random, and followed some kind of underlying rule or law. But once again, the pattern was too vague and abstract for him to completely comprehend.

But he could read bits of the pattern. It was almost as if events were playing back in reverse in front of his eyes. He could see countless conspiracies behind the war, countless false promises and unclear motivations. He could see a hate, distorted and empowered beyond their means to control. He could see a weapon unleashed to slaughter the enemy, but it grew too powerful.

He only saw bits and pieces, but he could gather the overarching story of what happened. More importantly, since he understood the land in front of him with greater depth than a simple visit would normally give, he also knew how he could manipulate it in the easiest way possible.

There were many affinities that Lex had that he didn't practice. But right now, he felt like if he had even the slightest control over his affinity for Wood, or for Nature, he could use all the bodies here and turn this from a barren land into a lush forest.

But even without them, he sensed that this land had been severely harmed, and he could actually use his affinity for Regeneration to heal the land.

Similarly, when he looked at the massive creature, he could sense that both its body and its soul were incredibly strong. But its mind, comparatively, was fragile. How convenient, then, it was that Lex could turn any of his attacks into physical, spiritual or soul oriented.

The creature froze, and suddenly looked up, as if it sensed Lex's hostility, and immediately let out a shrill scream. It rose its body high in the sky, before lunging forward, swiping its claws to rip Lex to shreds.

Lex could feel the immense strength packed in its every move, and could also see its many weaknesses. But, since he had been guided to focus on his sword techniques, he decided to stick to it.

He jumped forward, and sped up mid air as he approached the creature and used Inferno Blade: Judgment. His blade immediately turned red from the heat, and carried a lethality that seemed to radiate off it like heat from a fire.

The creature, sensing the danger, crossed its claws. Lex, even without the need to use his left eye, 'saw' something change. A tiny black ball of energy appeared in front of the creature's crossed claws, and a repulsive force forcibly ended Lex's momentum and pushed him away, despite his ability to fly.

"Interesting," Lex muttered, before switching his attack. Instead of coming close, he used Inferno Blade: Shooting star, the long range attack from the Inferno Blade sword technique. A great, flaming sword, coated in his sword intent, shot through the air towards the creature. Since this attack was made of energy and intent, and had no real mass, the repulsive force did not work.

But the creature was nimble, and immediately dodged the attack by moving away, letting out another angry scream as it did. It seemed offended that Lex was putting up a fight. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Its lower body began moving independent of its upper body, circling behind Lex while its upper body launched another attack. As if inspired by Lex's previous attack, it began waving its claws in the air, launching little black slashes towards him.

While normally Lex was a fan of tanking attacks head on, he sensed that these attacks were dangerous, and hid their true devastating quality within the darkness, so he dodged as well. While Lex wanted to test out his new abilities, he didn't want to prolong the battle unnecessarily. He came here because he sensed danger from this creature, so he stopped holding back.

He Blinked right behind the creature, and used Space Warp on the creature's back. In a ten feet (3 meter) region around his hand, space began to bend, causing light and gravity to behave oddly. The sudden spike in gravity caused the creature's backbone to snap, causing it to fall limp on the ground, though it was far from a lethal injury.

The creature screamed again, and traces of black energy began accumulating around its claws, but Lex gave it no time to retaliate. He used Inferno Blade: Judgment and buried his sword in the creature's back, channeling the flaming sword intent into its body.

Simultaneously, he converted some of his attacks into spirit attacks, assaulting its mind and causing it to immediately fracture.

But even as a massive hole burnt through its torso, and it's mind was broken, the creature did not die. Its resilience was astounding.

Before Lex could continue to attack, an overwhelming repulsive force blasted him into the air with such might that it actually caused him to become a little breathless. But even though Lex had been pushed back, his attack was not so easily dismissed, and flames continued to eat at the creature's upper body.

Its lower, centipedal body writhed for half a second, before it disconnected from the torso, and then split once more into a hundred smaller sections, each with two bony legs. Each section began doing different things, with many of them immediately feasting on the corpses while a few began burrowing into the ground to escape. Others began to fly away, while others still lurched towards Lex, wrapped in black energy.



Chapter 1002 Tricked

Watching the many drones coming to attack him, Lex was honestly impressed. He was fairly certain that his strength was near the pinnacle of this realm, so for this random creature to put up so much of a fight against him was extremely remarkable. It was no wonder that none of the other natives had survived its wrath.

That was still taking into account that Lex could also tell that the creature was not yet accustomed to its new power. Given enough time, it may have put up a greater fight. The hundred drones that had been released, Lex could tell, were some kind of self defense mechanism. They were mindless, and acted on instinct. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Some were running away, some were refueling and some were attacking. If ever one of the hundred managed to escape, the creature could be reborn much in the same way he was reborn after being crushed into meat paste.

The black energy they wielded was also interesting. Lex could tell that the source of the danger he felt was this energy. It contained some kind of law that he had not encountered before, yet it was potent enough to cause him harm.

While his body was extremely resilient against all physical, soul and spirit attacks, it seemed it could not escape the influence of laws.

The threat he was feeling from this creature diminished considerably, but it was not gone. Honestly speaking, Lex found this totally unacceptable. He was convinced that if he were still cultivating Regal Embrace, it would have found some way to increase his defense even against laws. It seemed he had been focusing too much on increasing his strength and not enough on other aspects of cultivation. To be fair, it was only after he had become a Nascent soul cultivator that his perception and awareness of laws was increasing so rapidly.

Feeling somewhat peeved, Lex spread his spirit sense and locked onto each and every drone. He did not need to rush to them. Lex Blinked and appeared behind the first drone, using Inferno Blade to cut it in half.

He planned on using Blink to attack every single one of the drones, and finishing the battle off in the next few seconds, but the drones turned out to be more dangerous than he thought.

The moment he sliced the first drone, his instincts spiked, sensing danger. He Blinked away just in time to avoid the drone erupting into a massive explosion of black energy. As if a chain reaction had been set off, countless other drones began exploding too, causing Lex to repeatedly Blink away.

But while he managed to avoid the blasts, he discovered the entire region was covered in a cloud of black energy, hiding the remaining drones from his senses. The black cloud was not dissipating either, and instead began to grow as it corroded the countless corpses on the ground.

A light flashed through Lex's eyes as he realized that he had been tricked, by mindless drones moreover.

If it had been anyone else, this move would have worked wonders. After all, the strange black energy was extremely dangerous for anyone if it could pose a danger even to Lex. It had covered a wide enough region where it could hide the movements of the remaining drones, and it could block spirit senses as well. In a way, it immediately created an impasse.

But Lex had too many ways in which he could get around this. He could, for example, just force his way in. Even if the black energy would harm him, it would not be lethal, and he could recover eventually. But Lex was not a brute, and did not need to rely on such unrefined methods.

Then, he could use his soul sense to locate all the drones. Although the energy blocked out spirit sense, it did nothing to the soul sense. After locating them, Lex could use reverse Blink to teleport the drones to him, and then finish them off.

Or, if he so wished, he could use Evisceration on them from a distance after locating them. Although the technique was surely weaker in the Nascent realm, it would still hurt, and eventually kill them off. There were countless more ways for him to resolve the issue, long before he even considered using arrays.

But since he was being exposed to laws in a new way, he wanted to test out how he could counteract them. How would two, unrelated laws behave when pitted against each other?

He held out his hand and used Space Warp once more.

Space began to bend under his control, and gravity spiked once more. But oddly enough, the gravity did not affect Lex, or the drones, or anything else. Instead, it seemed to only affect the black energy.

The black energy seemed to resist, but regardless of any resistance it put up it was dragged into the warped space.

Lex felt a strain on him as his energy consumption spiked. He even felt his technique unraveling, and Space Warp on the verge of collapsing.

Lex turned his open palm into a fist, and Space Warp strengthened. The effect of gravity was not greater, but the resistance from the black energy seemed weaker nonetheless.

Lex was intrigued by this behavior, but before he could study it, he had to deal with the drones first. No matter what, he had sensed that the creature possessed the will and ability to act against him, so he was not going to let it live.

He pulled out his Divine Butter knife, the one he created himself, and began to Blink to the drones. The second test he wanted to conduct, while killing his enemies, was how divine energy reacted with laws. As it turned out, it was much easier to suppress the eruption of black energy as long as he used the Divine energy within the Butter knife.

Only a few seconds later, all but one drone were killed. With one drone left alive that he had captured, and a ball of strange black energy trapped within his own ability, Lex could now take his time and experiment.

Back in high school, he had learnt about the scientific method when testing things. But first, he had to decide exactly what aspect he wanted to test. If it was still laws, then he needed a number of different laws, all with different strengths.

Lex rubbed his chin. Did sword intent count?



Chapter 1003 Tests

﻿﻿Before he did anything, Lex took a mental note of all that he had to do, and how much time he had left with the Host Attire. In total, he should have around 7 days left. Within this time, he needed to not only fix the Inn and prepare for any future needs it might have in the short term, he also had to verify that the resin actually worked to upgrade the system.

If, by any chance it did not work, the land covering the Inn still had countless other mysterious and valuable items he could try out.

Considering his progress, and the speed with which he could reach places now using teleportation, he felt like he could spare an hour to experiment.

He let go of Space Warp, and allowed the ball of black energy to flood back into the open, Blinking away before it could reach him. From a safe distance, he activated his left eye so that he could study this strange black energy.

Immediately, he learnt a few things. The black energy seemed to be some force of corruption or corrosion, as it ate everything it touched to grow. Its energy reserves were only rising, not diminishing, as it ate the countless corpses on the field. But that did not mean this black energy would become a massive new problem.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

This was because while its energy reserves were increasing, its existence was being whittled away. Whatever law this black energy was associated with did not naturally integrate with this area, and so was slowly being acted upon by the natural laws that existed in this place. Once it crossed a critical threshold, it would all immediately disappear.

But, conversely, the black energy was acting on the local laws as well. If there was enough of it, it could forcibly make itself a part of this place. Unfortunately, since its source was gone, that was not destined to happen as a lot more of the black energy would be needed to bring about such a change.

Lex also couldn't help but notice that the pattern or arrangement of bodies seemed perfect to feed this black energy, and allow it to grow. It was too coincidental. It seemed like there was more at play with the appearance of this creature than it seemed. But, for the moment, Lex could not be bothered to investigate.

First of all, he only had a vague idea of where he was. Secondly, while he had received a lot of information about this realm, it was mostly pertaining to the realm itself and not its inhabitants. Only very few, extremely notable inhabitants were included in the information, as if they were a part of the realm. Such as the massive tree in the middle of this continent, of the strawberry monsters.

So he had no information about the two races that were battling, their history, or the real reasons they were fighting. He also did not want to get involved.

He held out his sword and coated in it pure sword intent and nothing else. Holding the sword through his spirit sense, he sent it forward to stab into the black energy and studied the reaction.

He had little to no experience controlling a sword with his spirit sense, but he still had enough control to gently stab at the black energy. For a fraction of a second the sword intent and the energy clashed, and then his sword intent failed.

Quickly, before the sword could suffer any damage, he withdrew it. He was not too surprised by the outcome. After all, compared to his realm, his sword intent was too ordinary. But the momentary clash, instead of total lack of opposition, meant that sword intent really could be used against laws. Or at least, this law, as long as the intent was strong enough.

This time, he coated his sword with his spiritual energy alone, and stabbed it one more time. Although his own unique affinity was not a law, it contained a mix of affinities for numerous laws. He wanted to see if it could have any effect at all. Unfortunately, it was even more fragile than the sword intent.

Lex continued to experiment with the energy, even going as far as attacking it. He used Inferno Blade without the sword intent, Evisceration, and a number of other attacks. But all of them brought negligible results. Only through the use of certain abilities associated with laws, such as his spatial abilities or sword intent, even put up a fight.

Though, oddly enough, when Lex drew a drop of blood from himself and threw it in the black energy, it had a purging effect on it! His blood turned out to be more potent against this black energy than even spatial laws!

In the end, he was unable to suppress his curiosity, and stuck his hand within the black energy. He told himself he needed context for how dangerous such law attacks were against him, though perhaps a reluctance to admit his defense was falling behind played a part in it as well.

The effects were instant, though not severe. His entire hand was covered in an itchy rash that was spreading along his arm at a noticeable rate. The skin around his nails began to dry and started to lose color. Although there was no actual damage yet, Lex felt like if he kept his hand in the energy too long, it would rot.

He channeled his energy within his hand to see if he could fight off the decay, and even used a number of defensive techniques. But, once again, they proved to be of little use.

Then Lex tried to use his Domination, and he was taken aback by how effective it was. The energy retreated wherever his aura spread, as if it too was afraid of the Dragons Might it emulated.

That… as unexpected. Lex then used Impervious Hands and channeled his aura into the technique, then once again reached out towards the black energy. This time, instead of penetrating it, Lex touched it, as if he were touching smooth silk.



Chapter 1004 Show of force

﻿﻿His hand suffered no damage at all as the black energy flowed through his fingers like strings of silk. It was slippery, but he felt like he could completely take hold of some of it, if he wished. This was a result of combining Impervious Hands with Domination, his two most versatile techniques.

But Lex was not most amazed by Domination. That was a technique that grew out of feeding off of Dragons Might. It was only natural that it should be incomprehensibly powerful. No, Lex was more amazed at Impervious Hands. How was this technique, after so long, still so useful?

He recalled that when he originally encountered this technique, it was a fairly ordinary one. It was only after it underwent an upgrade from Regal Embrace that it reached a new level. Lex, at the time, guessed that the technique had reached S rank, but now he was beginning to feel like it might have been even higher.

What was more important, however, was that he lost the automatic upgrades techniques got as a result of Regal Embrace. However, under the influence of his new technique, he had the potential to grow and improve techniques himself. If he could upgrade more techniques to the level of Impervious Hands, or even create his own techniques, then he would be much more powerful than he is now.

But that was a matter for another time. His hour was up, and he was done testing out what he wanted to test. As for the drone, it would be a 'guest' at his Inn, kept in a safe and secure location, for its own health, and would wait for when lex had more time to study it.

Taking ahold of the creature, Lex teleported back to the Inn. His hand, which he had stuck into the black energy, was extremely itchy and he was tempted to get into a Recovery pod, but he ultimately resisted the urge. He wanted to see how long it would take his body to naturally heal from such an injury.

But before going out to search for resin, he checked on John, as well as Luthor. John was sitting on the floor in front of the dragon, scribbling something in his diary. It seemed like he was having trouble coming up with a technique. That was to be expected. In fact, Lex did not actually expect him to succeed any time soon.

When he looked towards Luthor, the situation once again pretty much fell within his expectations. A battle hand unfolded, and now countless soldiers were sitting, stripped of their armor and weapons, under supervision. Many had died in the initial clash, but none from the Inn were even harmed.

Luthor was currently sitting across from someone called Narin, and negotiating. Feeling slightly intrigued, he decided to check it out - but as himself rather than the Innkeeper.

After sending the drone to the turtle to keep an eye on, he teleported over, immediately attracting everyone's attention. The invaders were bipedal, but had a hunched frame that made them look short. But compared to them, Lex was even shorter despite his straight frame.

Yet it was not his height that attracted the attention of the countless soldiers who were being held prisoner, but the distasteful aura emanating from his hand. Although the Inn was suppressing any harmful effects of aura, his hand was not emitting any such thing so it was not suppressed. Instead, on his hand was only a mild remnant of the black energy's aura.

Yet what was mild and weak to Lex seemed monumentally dangerous to all the invaders, the strongest of whom was in the Foundation realm.

Even Luthor, who was mid negotiation, immediately sensed something, and turned to look towards Lex. Although he did not know what happened, he knew that Lex was not weak. So for him to sport such a serious injury, he may have come from a devastating battle.

"Is everything okay? Are there enemies?" he asked with concern.

"No, no, just taking care of a threat. It has already been resolved. Then I heard about the situation here so I thought I'd come check it out. What's the update?"

"After we identified ourselves and told them to stop, they immediately attacked instead. The official commander is dead, but as far as I can tell, this doctor here has the highest authority now. I was learning a bit about their empire when you came."

"From what you've learnt, do you think the empire will stop the invasion?" Lex asked.

"Highly unlikely. Their emperor is extremely ruthless from what I can tell. I doubt he will see reason so easily."

Lex studied Narin, and saw from him many conflicting emotions. He was afraid and nervous, but at the same time he was also irritated and inconvenienced. There was a tinge of excitement buried in there as well.

"Then what are you planning to do?" Lex asked. Since he had originally given this task to Luthor, he did not want to put ideas in his head. He was just making sure that Luthor was not thinking along the lines of massacring the empire to eliminate a future potential threat.

Luthor narrowed his eyes and spent a moment in contemplation. He also looked at Narin, who was nervously observing him.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"First, I want to learn as much as possible about this empire. Then, once I understand it fully, I plan on personally delivering a message to the emperor so that he understands that it would not be in his best interests to act against the Inn. Even though I doubt the emperor will so easily listen, the message has to be delivered sincerely. After all, the Midnight Inn should give them the benefit of doubt.

"But, if they still act out against us… then it would be best to eliminate the emperor with a show of power. After all, the Inn does not provoke enemies, but it should not tolerate them either."

Lex was actually surprised. Luthor's answer was a lot more tame than he expected. It seemed that he had matured a lot from when he first entered the Inn.

"If you need any help, let me know."



Chapter 1005 Evil Conspiracy

Luthor seemed to have the situation handled, but Lex took a tour of the area on his own anyway. Truth be told, he currently had a much easier alternative to solving this issue. He could use his authority to seal the Minor realm up. But in the event that some other Minor realm invaded later on, he would not be able to do the same.

That is why it was best to set a precedent beforehand for handling such issues themselves.

Lex took some of the weapons that were being used by the invaders, who were a race that identified themselves as Berkin. The weapons were guns that looked like they had come out of a scifi movie or video game. He shot a few rounds and was impressed by the super heated bullets.

It seemed that the Berkin, if nothing else, had impressive technology. If their empire behaved, then there could be a great precedent for trade. He could already imagine Chen and Lily taking advantage of their technology and selling it in their shop - though he imagined sales would be down for the foreseeable future, at least until the Inn opened back up.

In fact, if their technology was really good, he wouldn't mind adding some of it to his Inn. Considering the new, massive scale of the Inn, transportation across its territory was going to be a concern.

The easiest option would be to set up numerous teleportation points for guests to use, but with the system having closed down the addition of new formations for the time, it would have to wait. More conventional means of transportation would be needed.

After he had sated his curiosity, Lex teleported away. He had no free time, but he did not notice that after he left, every single one of the Inn workers looked towards where he had been last.

By now, everyone of the workers knew that Leo was Lex, and that he had saved the entire battalion with a little help from Cirk. Although it was obvious that he was not the strongest worker, it was generally accepted that his strength was above most of the workers.

For even him to suffer such an insidious wound on his hand meant that the dangers of this new realm could not be understated.

Lex, completely oblivious to the fact that he had caused the other workers to be more cautious and less overconfident, turned his attention to one of his latest born workers.

He was standing in the building which was formerly used to connect to the Henali portal. It was no surprise that the portal was not working, since they were no longer in the realm and were not connected to it anymore.

What was surprising to learn was that the machine which had been altered by the system to connect to the portal anonymously was actually run and operated by a hidden A.I. Now that the original A.I. no longer had access to it, a new A.I. had been born within.

"Does this mean you can create a new network for the Inn? Like, our very own internet?" Lex asked as he looked at the machine. It was strange to talk to something that had no obvious face. But through a mic and some speakers, the A.I. could talk back.

"I don't know how to do any of that. Maybe after I read all the data saved locally I'll learn how to do so, but my processing power is woefully lacking. If you transfer me to a machine with greater processing power, or maybe upgrade my existing one, I can speed up. Otherwise, it will take me a little over two years to just finish parsing the existing data."

"I'll see what I can do, but for now you should begin learning what you can. A couple of years is not bad. Prioritise information that can help you build our own network. That could be really helpful."

"Got it," the A.I. responded.

It was surprisingly easy to work with and direct, compared to all the other newborns, which Lex was grateful for. He also sent a message to Luthor asking him to find out if there are any computers in the Berkin empire, and if so what are their specifications. It would be quite convenient if he could get his hands on some decent hardware.

He was somewhat intrigued by the idea of having his very own Midnight network. It had not occurred to him before, but now that the idea came to him, it felt like he would be really missing out if he didn't get one. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

If he could then manage to spread this network across this entire realm, then it would be extremely useful in collecting information and knowing what was happening everywhere.

Just as he was musing on the possibilities, he froze, as he had another idea.

What if he didn't disclose that the network was his? What if he just helped it spring up overnight, and secretly just watched everything from the background?

Effectively, it made no difference. The idea was the same. But he liked the element of mystery and intrigue. In his opinion, even the Inn should have been shrouded in mystery, unknown to the world, instead of openly advertising it to every living being. That way, the few guests who stumbled onto it would experience a wondrous adventure into the unknown.

The more he thought about it, the more he liked the idea. He'd make the network an integral part of society, with the convenience of effectively communicating and transferring data over long distances instantaneously. He'd also put up the facade that it was perfectly secure, with no data leaks.

But in truth, he'd have access to all the information. Lex nodded. Now he was thinking more like the billionaire that he really was. Sometimes, it was alright to spoil oneself and indulge in a little evil conspiracy here and there. It was good for the soul.

He oversaw a couple more emergencies before he was finally ready to search for the resin. He really hoped that this would work.



Chapter 1006 Lex meets Lex

The first obstacle he faced was actually locating the resin. Although, technically speaking, he had already received information about its location, practically speaking he only knew its general location. Even then, the general location spanned countless thousands of miles.

His instincts couldn't guide him either, as unlike the creature he had locked onto before, the resin did not reveal any aura for him to detect. As far as he could tell, every bit of resin within the entire realm was actually sealed or suppressed in various ways, which is the only reason the resin could even form, not to mention survive.

At least on Menara, the Tree of Heaven, as the locals called it, had discovered a few random bits of resin with its roots that spanned nearly the entire continent. Since then it had been hunting for the resin actively, so if even a bit of resin aura had been revealed, it would be tracked down and captured.

Lex recalled all the information he had on its location, and noted down some key landmarks that would help him track it down. The most notable landmark he recalled nearby was a vast region filled with geysers. He did not know if he was going to encounter any locals on his journey, but some friendly locals to help point the way would be most welcome.

He spent some time trying to fix a location he would teleport to, hoping that his instincts would guide him in a certain way. But whatever seal covered the resin must be extremely powerful, for no matter how long he waited, they stayed silent. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Eventually, he just had to pick a location and teleport. When he appeared, Lex found himself completely drowned in grass. He had to fly up a bit to get a view of his location. As far as the eye could see, Lex saw countless small hills, covered on tall grass with a few trees here and there.

A survey of the region with his spirit sense revealed countless wild animals and beasts, but not much else. He compared his location to the map he had in his mind, and discovered that he had not even traveled half as needed. Probably. If he was reading the map right.

A bird flying by paused for a second to observe him, as it had never seen anything like him. Lex waved, then teleported away.

This time, he could tell that the hills were gradually turning in plateaus, with countless rivers snaking through the valleys. There were more trees and in the distance Lex could see a forest. As far as he could tell, he was making progress in the right direction.

Lex teleported again, but this time was surprised to find himself in a busy street! To his great surprise, he had teleported right into a massive city. All around him were lumbering giants that looked like a cross between a leopard and a hippo.

Compared to them, Lex was as small as a fly. He flew up higher into the sky to get a good view of the surrounding area, and saw a city larger than he had ever seen before. Massive lakes and forests had somehow been incorporated into the city, probably serving some integral function, but Lex didn't care about that.

He was completely lost, as nothing in his mental map showed such a sprawling city. He might need to ask one of the locals for help. He hoped they weren't xenophobic. For this, he used his instincts to guide him to the best possible target.

When he finally found a suitable target he flew on over and extended his spirit sense to encompass the massive leopard-hippo. Leoppo? Hippard? Whatever.

"Excuse me, I'm a little lost. Could you help me with some directions?" he asked, politely. He was hoping to break from his history of getting involved in ridiculous incidents.

Hippo-leopard, who had been staring through what looked like a window for a clothing shop, turned and looked around, but could not find who was speaking.

"Hello, yeah, this is me. Can you see me waving? I'm floating right above your snout."

The Hip-leopard was started when it finally narrowed in on Lex, whose entire body was smaller than just its eye. It turned its head, thoroughly confused as to what it was looking at.

Despite its massive body, Lex was not too concerned about being in any danger, for the creature was merely in the Foundation realm. It was just that its size was humongous, which presented a problem while communicating.

"Yes, you've got it right. You're looking at me. Hi, my name is Lex. Could you help me with directions?"

"Is this some kind of joke?" The hip-leopard asked. "Did someone put you up to this? Yes, okay fine, I know I'm a little small for my age. There's no reason to make fun of me for it. Sheesh. Size isn't everything you know."

"I.. uhh, I don't understand what you mean. I'm just trying to get some direction."

"Oh, sure you don't understand. I'm certain it's a complete coincidence that your name is Lex and that you found the only other Lex in this entire town? Don't tell me, is your last name Williams as well? Were you abandoned by your family too? Do you run a small hotel to make a living just like me?"

Lex - the human Lex - was stumped. He looked left and right for any hidden cameras, though obviously he knew there weren't going to be any. Then he finally looked back at the massive creature. Now that he thought about it, compared to the rest, the leopard-hippo Lex did look much smaller. Almost as if he were… a baby…

The human Lex started to scratch his head. This couldn't be happening. Was he having some kind of a seizure?

"Fine, fine, whatever, I'll play along. Tell me where you want to go?" the creature Lex asked.

"I uhh… I was looking for a region nearby covered in geysers."

Creature Lex looked at human Lex skeptically, with narrowed eyes. In the end, it decided to play along.

"Alright well, take a seat on my shoulder. I know where you want to go. As it turns out, that's where I'm going too."



Chapter 1007 Leopold

﻿﻿Lex flew all the way to Hip-leopard Lex's shoulder and sat down. Although he could not be sure of the exact height, at a glance, this other Lex was a little over 1000 (304 meters) feet tall. It was sufficient to say that if he ever visited the Midnight Inn, he would have no problem climbing over the boundary wall.

Sitting on Lex's shoulder, Lex felt like he was a flea or a mite. This was ridiculous. That was also keeping in mind that Lex, much like Lex, was smaller than the rest of his race.

"I've never seen one of your kind before. A bit on the small side, ain't ya? What are you called? I mean, your people, not you personally."

"Humans. We're called humans. Most of them are a little bigger than me, though from your point of view it probably won't make much of a difference. What about you? This is my first time in this region, so I'm not too familiar with the locale."

"I am naturally a proud member of the Leopold race. A human, you say? I have never heard of such a race. But then, perhaps, due to your size, it is best if you stay hidden. You must be brave, for a human, Lex. Since you're new here, allow me to give you a tour. You are currently within the territory of Larger Lahana, which is what this city is called. The surrounding region is a part of our area of influence, so as long as you obey the rules of Lahana, you can wander free from worry."

"Are there many rules of Lahana?" Lex asked. Actually, he was pretty intrigued in how the Leopold race had developed, and its relationship with not only its environment, but the other races as well. It hardly took him a moment after he got over his initial shock over their size that, perhaps, the Leopold race was of the average, or close to the average size of the creatures on this continent.

The centipede creature he killed had a body that extended for miles, and could be considered monstrous even among the creatures here, but it seemed to be a pattern.

But then he realized that it probably wasn't so, as the Leopold race even towered over many of the native forests he'd seen around the Inn.

"The great Lahana has many rules, but as a guest you only need to oblige with the main few. Do not steal, do not murder, and do not be a Kanaka 'ino."

"What's a Kanaka 'ino?" Lex asked as he looked around. The Leopold race was actually quite advanced. Their civilization seemed to be in or around the equivalent to the industrial revolution on earth. The houses in their city were well built and sturdy, which was surprising considering their size. There were countless shops easily identified all around them, and human Lex could even identify what most of them were for. Clothes shops seemed to be the most common, which led him to start noticing the fashion sense among the Leopold.

It… well, it did not make much sense to him, but it did vaguely remind him of the goofy outfits he'd seen in fashion shows and magazines.

"Kanaka 'ino are a race of evil, conniving creatures. By law, they have to be killed on sight within the lands of Larger Lahana."

Leopold Lex seemed extremely agitated upon the mention of Kanaka 'ino, so human Lex decided it was best not to focus too much on them. Instead, he asked random questions about who or what Lahana actually was.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

As it turned out, Lahana was the name of the first ever Leopold. It seemed the drama-cats obsession with Bob might not just be a cat thing, but a trend across the entire realm. It made sense, maybe.

Regardless, Lahana was the strongest Leopold, and the leader of their race. It seemed that despite being the first of their race, Lahana was still very much alive. That was absolutely not normal. As far as he knew, at least back in the Origin realm, the average life expectancy of a human Nascent soul cultivator was 500 years. Even if it was different for different races, this seemed like a little much. Perhaps Lahana was a mythical creature, or close to being one.

Eventually, leopold Lex made it to the geysers, which were relatively close to the city.

As it turned out, the boiling hot waters that shot out of the ground were a popular bathing spot for the leopolds, and Lex's hotel, the Moonlight hotel, was in this area as well.

Without a powerful system to provide him with endless attractions, Lex had to be smart about location. Building a number of natural geyser powered baths was a very good idea.

The hotel, which reminded human Lex of the Midnight tavern in appearance, seemed to fit the leopold standard for quaint and cozy.

"Here you go, Lex. Can you find your way from here? Are you supposed to be meeting a friend? If you have time, you may as well stop by my place. Considering how small you are, I can offer you free food and drink. I doubt you'll make much of a dent in my reserves."

"Thank you for the generous offer, I'm on a bit of a tight schedule. But maybe once I've completed my task, I'll stop on the way back. I should be able to find my way from here."

"Well, safe travels," the massive hippo-leopard creature said as human Lex flew off.

Lex made a mental note of this location. After he got over the absurdity of the commonality between himself and this fellow, he decided to check out his hotel when he had the time. If the similarities between them were so insane already, who's to say that leopold Lex didn't have a system? Or that he didn't get pulled into events that were absurdly over his head.

If only Lex knew that within Hotel Moonlight who was waiting for leopold Lex, he'd realize just how accurate his prediction was.



Chapter 1008 Treasure hunter

Once he spotted the geysers, Lex flew high into the sky to get a good view of the entire region. With a birds eye view, he finally realized why he hadn't been able to tell there was an entire city here when he received information about the whole realm.

The leopold had built their city in a way that incorporated nature into their construction style. They were not worried about wasting space if a clump of trees couldn't be worked with, or a specific region had a river running through it. They instead adapted their construction to the natural contours of the land. They had managed to keep alterations to the land to a minimum, which was quite impressive.

But Lex put them out of his mind and instead began trying to guess the next location he had to teleport to. The problem was that as far as he could tell, the region where the resin was had no distinct features. It was a relatively barren area because of how rocky it was, but the region was vast. He might need to search for a long time.

After approximating the distance, Lex teleported away, but arrived in a location that looked nothing like where he wanted to go. He had to teleport back to the geysers and try again, and then repeat the process a few more times.

The tenth time he teleported, and still was not able to find the place he was looking for, Lex got the feeling that his upcoming year was going to be very tedious. He needed to come up with a better strategy for searching for his target.

Honestly speaking, the Midnight realm was quite beautiful and he would really like to explore it some other time. But for now he kept teleporting, attempting to adjust his teleportation range according to his estimates.

Eventually, after much longer than he anticipated, he finally reached his destination. Compared to the usual lush and green landscapes he was used to seeing, the place he was in now was mostly various shades of gray and brown. Even though there were plants growing here, they too had taken on the shade of the land.

Despite the lack of any mountains nearby, the terrain was extremely rocky, with countless bounders covering the land, and the occasional spiky rock randomly sticking out of the ground.

It was quite commendable that in only a few hours of searching, he'd found the correct spot. But correct was relative. The resin was buried somewhere in this region, but he had no way of knowing exactly where, or how deeply it was buried. This search was infinitely worse than searching for a needle in a haystack.

Fortunately, he had a plan that he hoped would work. He turned his attention to the ring on his hand. The treasure spirit for the ring had gone to sleep after suffering damage while he was in the Void behind space, but Lex had more than healed it during this time. He had allowed it to sleep because he wanted to allow it to recover as much as possible, but it was time to wake it up.

After all, a part of that spirit's soul was a dragon, and it was well known that dragons were the best treasure hunters in the universe! Well, actually, Lex wasn't completely sure if they were unrivaled in the entire universe, as that was too vast for him to speculate on, but they were pretty good. If anyone had a way to find an extremely valuable, and incredibly well hidden treasure, then it should be a dragon.

Hopefully, a part dragon treasure spirit should also suffice.

Lex pricked his finger and squeezed out a single drop of blood, and then turned it into its soul state to heal souls, before drizzling it over his ring. The ring absorbed it easily, and started to warm up.

If the ring felt warm to Lex, then it was probably hot enough to burn through someone else's finger.

"Wake up Pel," Lex said using his spirit sense. "Your vacation has gone on for quite a while."

His voice, imbued with a trace of Domination, instantly roused the sleeping Pel from its deep slumber with a start!

"Huh? Wha- Who? Ma- master is that you? The last thing I remember was… ugh no, actually I have too many new memories to go through," Pel said lethargically.

"Yes, you suffered a minor injury which caused you to fall unconscious. To heal you I had to strengthen the ring a bit, which is probably why you have access to more of your memories, but you kept sleeping. I didn't want to disturb you, but now I need a bit of your help, so I couldn't wait for you to wake up anymore."

"I… I didn't wake up because I was reliving the memories in my head," the ring spirit said, with a voice so drained it seemed like he was recovering from a hangover.

"How are you feeling? Are you able to sift through your memories for something useful? We're hunting an incredibly valuable treasure. It's a kind of resin formed during the birth of a new realm."

"Do you mean the Amber Chaos resin?" Pel asked, suddenly sounding both invigorated and incredibly excited. The warmth of the ring turned mildly hot for a moment, before cooling back down.

"Amber Chaos resin is a Dao level ingredient that is so gentle it can be absorbed by any living creature in any realm and massively boost their strength, potential, lifespan and many more! It's the ultimate treasure for any dragon! In my previous life I spent countless years dreaming about it!"

Pel's excitement was such that Lex could not help but imagine his cultivation mat hopping around in excitement like a little kid about to receive his most anticipating birthday gift!

"I'm not sure if that's the same resin you're talking about, but it might be. The problem is, it's locked down by a seal of some kind, and I can't even locate a trace of its aura. I have no way of finding it."

"Of course, it's sealed! It has to be! But that's no concern to a dragon! That just makes the hunt even more worth it."CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m



Chapter 1009 Weak Domination

﻿﻿Lex smiled. Although Pel had yet to actually bring about any substantial results, and only seemed ready to pursue its passion spanning multiple lifetimes of searching for treasure, he was already satisfied. After all, anything was better than randomly searching the land.

Given that his spirit sense could span a very large area now, which should technically ease the search somehow, it would still be a great undertaking if done alone. Moreover, he was not so sure spirit sense could find the resin so easily.

After all, if this resin really was the Amber Chaos resin, as Pel claimed, and the Tree of Heaven already tasted some of its benefits, then it is likely that it had been searching the continent for more of it for a long time.

In fact, if things were as Lex expected, and the races living under the tree's canopy were its servants, then this resin may be the reason for some of the wars he had seen from above.

"Alright, just let me see… no not this one… I don't know… wait, okay, this might work…" Pel began muttering to itself while Lex waited. He was not concerned. Instead, he surveyed the area to see if there were any settlements of other races in large groups.

Fortunately, there seemed to be nothing in the vicinity besides wild beasts. That would be best, as he did not want to attract too much attention.

"Master, after a moment of overzealousness, I remembered that in my current form I cannot use most of my techniques from my previous life. I just don't have the energy to sustain them. However, after much reflection, I was able to search for a technique I can teach you that should do the trick.

"Strictly speaking, this technique should only be usable by dragons, as its first and most stringent requirement is Dragons Might, but you may be able to do it, nonetheless. I will transmit the details to you now."

Lex felt the ring connect to his mind for a moment, before sending over a stream of information. He could not help but sigh at the way things worked out. If Lex's body and soul were not so overbearingly powerful, and if he had not received information about the entire realm, and if he had not devoured Dragons Might, this technique would have never worked.

Even receiving the technique was a burden on him, but his body and mind had long since become accustomed to dealing with things above his level, so instead of experiencing a backlash, he just felt slightly strained. Considering the fact that even the weakest of techniques designed for dragons were aimed at Earth immortals, Lex was long past the realm where he could be judged by common sense.

The technique was called Wyrm's Glyph. Using it was not so simple, and would probably require a bit of practice, but Lex did not anticipate it taking too long. After all, his comprehension had improved even further after he reached the Nascent realm.

The issue came from the fact that, alongside his spiritual energy, Lex would need to manipulate his Domination in ways that he never imagined before.

First, learning to manipulate Domination with masterful precision instead of slamming it down on his target was going to be the first hurdle, and mixing it with his spirit energy was going to be the second one.

Once he overcame those hurdles, it would be time to search for the resin. According to the information attached to the technique, once used, the technique formed something called a Glyph on the user's body.

There was no proper explanation about what a Glyph was, but as far as Lex could tell it had some overlap with arrays, talismans and formations all at once. It was not made from characters, though when a Glyph came into effect it formed a single, visible pattern which was the Glyph.

Once formed, it was fueled most by ambient energy, which is what was similar to arrays, and Lex got the sense that they could be prepared beforehand, which is where the similarity with talismans came in. Although no items were being used, the fact that a Glyph was formed through the combined use of Dragons Might and spirit energy gave him the impression that they required various materials or energies to form, which is where the similarity to formations came from.

But now was not the time to delve into a completely new profession, regardless of how diverse its uses promised to be. Lex created a spatial anchor at this point, which meant he recorded its spatial coordinates so that he could teleport back here when he wished.

Then he proceeded to return to the Inn. As much as he wished to learn the technique immediately, it seemed like it was going to take some time.

Without wasting a single second, he isolated himself and began practicing, and immediately realized that the manipulation requirements for Domination were going to be incredibly high.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Pel, do you have any techniques or practices that can help me train manipulating Domination?" he asked.

"I'll transfer over everything relevant immediately," Pel said, sensing its master's urgency. Lex was able to estimate that without help, it would take him weeks to learn fine control over Domination! Maybe he had underestimated the difficulty of the techniques used by Earth Immortals!

Just as he was reflecting on that thought, Pel transferred over a number of guides and exercises from his memories, which clarified the issue. It was not that he could not control it well enough, but that his Domination was still too weak compared to an actual dragon!

There was only one solution for that.

"John, I don't mean to disturb you, but I have an urgent task that I need to take care of!" Lex said, teleporting over to his private meditation room. "If you want to continue to study the dragon while I cultivate go ahead, but you will have to be extremely silent."

John was taken aback by Lex's sudden arrival, and a bit confused by the urgency in his voice.

"Is something the matter?" he asked, concerned.

"Yes, I'm on a time limit and need to refine an aspect of my cultivation for one of the Innkeeper's tasks. You can continue observing if you want, it might actually help you design the technique you want. But you'll have to excuse me."

Although it seemed like Lex was in a hurry, which he was, his exchange with John was also calculated. By showing him how hard everyone was working for the new Inn, while he was doing nothing but lamenting, Lex aimed to make John feel left out. Being excluded from the community, to a degree, that he had become used to was also going to be a strong motivator in helping him make his decision.

Although the Inn was not providing any formations at the moment, that did not prevent Lex from setting up a few protective arrays around himself as he took his spot on the dragon's forehead.

He even took a moment to talk to Pel Jr. and let him know that he would be cultivating, so he shouldn't disturb him. After making sure everything was ready, Lex closed his eyes and focused his mind on the latest information the ring Pel had sent him. He entered his Flow state just to make sure he got the best results.

Most of the techniques were practice exercises to teach young dragons about how to control their aura, as well as refine it to make it stronger. As Lex began to cultivate, he focused solely on the aspects of refining his aura so that Domination would develop better.

From the side, John could not help but look up in the distance at Lex. Although his cultivation was broken, and his body weakened, he had not been completely deprived of his old senses. As such, he could feel the change happening in the dragon's aura to a certain degree.

Standing there, on the bottom, looking up at Lex cultivating on a dragon's head, John could not help but feel more pathetic than he had in his entire life. If that damn baby could cultivate all on his own atop a dragon without a stupid system, then why was he latching on to his system so hard?

Even if he lost it, how much worse could his life really get? He was already at the bottom. He went from being one of the most respected workers in the Inn to the weak, sensitive guy everyone has to take care of.

He burned the image of Lex cultivating in his mind as he made his decision to give up his system! He would trust the Innkeeper to guide him on a better path. Moreover, the path of an assassin was something the system decided for him. Now, he could finally decide on his own what he wanted to pursue in life.

He had no idea what it was, but just the thought of figuring it out filled him with a sense of anticipation he hadn't felt in a long time.



