Chapter 1080 Intimidation

﻿﻿By the time Lex exited his retreat, only seven months remained to complete his quest. Considering that he had narrowed down a list of items that could possibly help the system and all he needed to do was go find them, that was both a very long and very short time. It was long because teleportation would cut his travel time down by a lot. At the same time, it was short because there was no guarantee that they would help the system.

In the back of his mind, he had come up with a contingency plan, which is something he would only use in the worst case scenario. It required the help of the Rhinocentaurs who had access to the groupchat. But, he didn't want to wait until the last possible minute to look for them.

He decided that he would approach them first and get them to think of a way they could locate systems within the Origin realm. Then he would just need to come up with a way to forcibly teleport from this realm back there, and then find the systems. It was an absolutely terrible plan with many problems that could occur, which is why he kept it as the very last resort. Ultimately, he had to at least consider that there may not be enough items that could repair the system in his own realm, although a part of him suspected that should not be the case.

No matter what, the system had never given him a completely impossible quest. But at the same time, he could not scan every inch of this place that was 0.25 lightyears large!

"Mary, how are things in the Inn?" Lex asked as he stepped out, feeling refreshed. Considering the monumental task ahead of him, Lex took the time to rest and recover to his peak state before coming out. After all, if he had spent so much time searching his memories, then a few hours spent recovering wouldn't matter.

"There have been no major problems," she said, appearing in front of him in a suit. It was rare for her to look so serious, as she usually preferred cosplaying in more eccentric clothes.

"There are a few minor issues that have cropped up, though. I think everyone at the Inn can handle them for now if you want to focus on your quest first."

"Tell me anyway. I'm going to be teleporting to the other continents, and it might take some effort, so I want to leave things here in a good state if I can."

"I don't know how much you can do without appearing as the Innkeeper. There are about 800 guests who have gathered up and are extremely upset about not being able to return. They're saying that they've been kidnapped. Although they haven't done anything drastic yet, they're very vocal in their demands to return.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Also, a few weeks ago, we welcomed the first of many diplomatic envoys. Since then, a number of countries and empires from all over Menara have sent diplomatic groups to better understand the Inn. There was one incident where a particular group demanded the Inn swear fealty to their lord, but after Luthor had a polite conversation with them, they decided not to cause any more problems. The diplomatic envoys though… they're clearly trouble.

"They haven't done anything untowards as of yet, but it's apparent that they're scouting out the strengths and weaknesses of the Inn, and they're not subtle about it at all. There was almost an incident where one of them tried to probe the actual strength of Anita by appearing to threaten her baby. Well… fortunately, Charles is very well versed in medicine for various races, so we were able to bring him out of the coma the Cthulhu put him in. As for how long it will take to recover from the mental trauma of the incident, there is no estimate."

"Well, don't worry about it. It's obvious that they won't easily accept the claims of some voice that told them that it created their whole world. Sooner or later, one of them will probe the Inn. The rest probably just don't want to be the first to do it. It's important to maintain good relations with them, since the Inn is a hospitality business after all. But other than that, it's also important to let them know their place. I'll take care of it."

Mary nodded, and disappeared. Lex didn't exactly like the fact that others were being so obvious about their ulterior motives.

Although they had to be hospitable, he was not a subscriber of the 'customer is always right' mindset. Mistreating his workers was not acceptable.

Perhaps it was time to meet some of the ambassadors himself. Lex summoned Fenrir, and sat on top of him, noticing that the pups' fur had become even softer since the last time they met. He had also begun to radiate a special kind of aura that was mostly suppressed by the Inn.

It reminded him of the Mythical beings he met in the Crystal realm - the primogenitors of the Frio and Sol birds. But Fenrir was definitely not a Mythical being. The only thing he could think of was that its bloodline was displaying more of its prowess. After all, he did have a 100% pure bloodline.

"Alright buddy, you remember what I said about scaring your prey? Well, now I'm going to teach you about intimidation. It's very useful when you don't want to actually kill your target, but you need them to behave."

The pup turned and looked at him with a special gleam in his eyes.

"No, it's not going to work on the turtle so don't even think about it," Lex scoffed, and then put on his Notorious Anonymity mask, before teleporting them both away.

They reappeared in front of the Midnight manor, which was more crowded than it had been in a while, and everybody immediately turned to look at them. Both Fenrir and Lex gave off an aura that could not be ignored.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.



Chapter 1081 Beacon of handsomeness

﻿﻿In actuality, Lex's mask which contained divinity and was not a technique was called the Invincible Tyrant Mask. The divinity it contained had a lot to do with intimidation and fear, since the divinity was born from the fear and worship the devils he faced felt. Compared to Notorious Anonymity, which just looked devilish and hid his identity, not only was it much stronger, but it also served the additional purpose of spreading fear on those around him - though he might not always want that.

But at this moment, when his Inn was filled with those who were so blatantly planning against it, he wanted exactly that. He knew that this wouldn't end until someone actually attacked the Inn and were made an example of. That was the sad truth of things. But maybe the intimidation tactic could work, who knew?

His target specifically were the locals. Although his guests who were upset at being forced to stay here were not exactly conducive to the environment he was trying to create, ultimately they were stuck here. Sure they had gained many benefits, but they were also paying for it by being forced to stay here.

If he was not able to fix the system in time, who knew if they would ever be able to return. So although they were annoying, he sympathized with them.

Yet when he and Fenrir appeared, everyone looked towards them. Although their auras could not harm anyone, since the system would prevent that, it was rare for someone inside the Inn to have such a threatening and dangerous aura.

The older guests just felt a touch of curiosity. They knew they were safe, not to mention they recognized Fenrir immediately. The newer guests, though, the ones who had accompanied the ambassadors or had come with various envoys, they all felt absolute dread.

They felt like death had become incarnate in front of their eyes, and revealed itself before them. It was the face of all their nightmares, and it had the power that should belong only to deities. It was also right in front of them.

While many, including the workers, recognized Fenrir, very few recognised Lex's mask. Only the few workers who had seen him training in the temple knew that it was actually Lex underneath. Of course, he was using an illusion to make his body seem larger as well. Nobody exactly found babies intimidating, unless it was 3 am and it was the babies parents who suddenly smelled something funny.

Lex observed the countless faces looking at him, and was easily able to pick out the new faces - not only just because they were from many unfamiliar races, but because he knew all the old guests by heart. A strange tension began to build in the air, as no one knew the purpose of his mystery masked man, and his aura did not exactly foretell a friendly visit.

Finally, Lex's vision locked onto a particularly large black bear who was radiating an aura at the Golden core realm. Strangely enough, he looked exactly like a normal bear from earth, if a bit larger. There were no strange fangs or horns or wings, but as an apex predator in its given form, it didn't need them.

As if to prove that exact point, the bear was one of the few who looked at Lex without being intimidated by him.

"Forgive my sudden arrival, I heard news of ambassadors from far off lands and I became excited. I am also an ambassador of sorts. The Midnight Inn usually sends me out to resolve... delicate issues. I look forward to working with you all in the future."

Lex jumped off Fenrir's back. To begin with, he only used Fenrir for dramatic effect. Its newly developed aura was quite powerful, so riding on its back sent a powerful message.

Countless thoughts passed through the guests' minds. Older guests, who had come from the Origin realm, and knew that the Inn had been attacked a few times previously, suddenly imagined an entire force of similarly masked men sent to eliminate the powers that dared offend the Inn. Newer guests could not help but compare the strength of Lex's aura with that of their leaders. How was it that no matter which powerful person they came across in the Inn only seemed to be a worker? How powerful exactly was the Innkeeper?

But at a certain point, people had also begun to question if this was a mere facade being put up by the Inn. After all, faking aura was tough, but not impossible. Were they actually so powerful? Many wanted to find out, but didn't want to be the ones testing it out.

But though Lex had spoken in a jovial tone, no one responded to him. They all kept looking at him in silence. Lex snickered.

"By the way, there wouldn't happen to be any representative from one of the countries on the Western border of Menara, would there? I don't know the name of the place, but I'll be heading to the archipelago on the western side in a bit. I was hoping to learn a bit about the place before I go."

"The Notknit Islands?" a squeaky voice suddenly asked, as a bipedal creature that looked like it was made entirely of dried leaves stepped forward.

"Is that what they're called? I don't know about that, I only know that it has an entrance to a massive, underground continent that exists below the chaotic sea."

"Yes, yes, the Notknit Islands!" the leak-person said, with recognition and alarm in its voice. "May- may I ask, why are you going there? Maybe I can be of help. The islands have not sent any ambassadors, but I was born and raised there, so I know the place well."

"Oh? In that case, come friend, let's talk while we get a drink. My closest friends call me Tyrant, but you can call me Ty. I feel like we're going to get along well."

The more friendly Lex tried to be, the more fearful the squeaky voiced leaf-person became. It couldn't be helped. With the mask, every word he spoke and every gesture he made became completely menacing. That, combined with the thought of someone who was called a tyrant by his friends did not really do well dissuade worry in his heart - or whatever heart equivalent organ it had.

"I- I am Oak, a professor of zoology. What are you going to the island for, Ty, if I might ask. I can probably recommend better places. If you want to enter the underground continent, there is a much closer opening in the salt mines of the Carvador range."

"I'm going for the sights, professor Oak, the sights. I've heard good things. I've also heard you have frequent monsters attacking from the sea itself! I've never seen a living being that can exist in the chaos sea, I'm quite interested."

Before Oak could respond, someone else spoke in.

"The Notknit Islands are very conservative. You're not exactly going to be welcome there. Not everyone is like the Inn, accepting anyone who happens to pass by," said a spider that was about 3 feet large.

Lex frowned, and was very evident of his displeasure at the comment. The spider had just insinuated that the Inn had no standards and would pick up every stray that came along.

The room suddenly seemed to turn darker, though the Inn protected the spider from feeling any kind of threat or danger from Lex's aura.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"No, no, the islands are very friendly, Mr. Tyrant!" Oak suddenly insisted. "They're very friendly indeed! You just- eh, well, I hope you don't mind. I mean, if you want to take in the sights and explore the culture, maybe you could, if you really want, and had the time…"

"It's fine, Professor Oak. You can tell me. I'm a friendly guy. I obey the rules. If the islands have some rules, I will follow them. Isn't that why I'm asking you about them?"

"Well, like you said, there are monsters that come from the seas, and some people have actually tamed those monsters. Eight island leaders, to be exact. If you go and have a friendly fight, a very friendly fight Mr. Tyrant, nobody needs to die, then you can get badges if you win. Once you get all eight badges, all the islands will open to you, and you will be welcomed like a native."

"Really? The monsters have been tamed? How interested," Lex sain, then paused to look at the spider. "I wonder how exactly they were tamed? Did they beat them up till they fainted first?"

He maintained eye contact with all of the spider's eyes while he spoke, and his meaning was quite clear to everyone.

Just as Lex was about to continue, Gerard and Lilith walked into the room, hand in hand, talking to each other, completely oblivious of their surroundings. The carefully orchestrated, high tension mood Lex had created was instantly destroyed by the giggles of a devil as Gerard, a beacon of handsomeness, flirted with her.

Lex sighed.



Chapter 1082 Treasure hunt

Gerard and Lilith did not even know how they thoroughly destroyed the carefully orchestrated tension Lex and built up. They only had eyes for each other. They walked over to the grand piano sitting in the corner of the room, and Gerard made himself comfortable, and began showing Lilith how to play.

Considering her cultivation level, she was a quick learner, and in only moments there was a soft, romantic duet being played in the var. Lex sighed, though Oak mistook his expression as irritation.

"Mr. Tyrant, that's Mr. Gerard, one of your colleagues. Please excuse him, he surely did not mean to bother you."

Lex raised an eyebrow. This Professor Oak was very averse to confrontation, wasn't he? He was trying to stop Lex from getting into fights at every turn.

"Do not worry, Professor. I am naturally familiar with Gerard. I was just sighing at how relaxed he is. It is good that he is enjoying himself. After all, that's what the Inn is for. Also, you may have some misconceptions about me. I am not going to the Notknit Islands to fight anyone, and even if I do, it's not like I'm going to go about randomly killing people.

"I'm a nice guy, really. Okay sure, I sometimes have to be a little rough, but that's only against people who harm the Inn in some way first. Other than that, I'm very friendly. Honest. I've only destroyed one planet! You see how I hold myself back?"

Lex wondered if he could really take credit for the destruction of the planet where the Midnight Battalion had been trapped. Technically speaking, it had nothing to do with him. The space around them just spontaneously tore. But it was not like anyone would come to dispute him.

For the locals of the Midnight Realm, the statement of him destroying just one world was abstract, but for the older guests it definitely wasn't! They eyed him, though covertly as they didn't want to get caught.

"Haha, of course Mr. Tyrant! You're a very friendly guy! I believe you! We're having drinks aren't we? We're friends! So in that case, would you mind sharing why you want to go to the islands? Maybe I can guide you so that you might not even need to fight the eight island leaders."

"Truth be told, I'm searching for a treasure. I've heard that there's a really valuable treasure on the islands, so I want to try my luck at it."

Suddenly, a large number of people in the var turned to look at him, and their expressions were very serious. Many quickly looked away, considering Lex's aura was not weak at all, but many still continued to look.

"I feel like there's a story here," Lex said slowly, as he looked around. Gerard and Lily were literally the only ones who hadn't noticed the sudden return of the tension in the room. They just kept playing music that definitely did not suit the mood.

Professor Oak laughed even more nervously.

"Old stories. In fact, old children's stories. There's no truth to them at all! Countless people have come to the islands searching for the Chaos Crystal, but have never found it. Every few thousand years, someone claims to have discovered new clues about it, and that brings a whole new round of treasure hunters. But no one has ever found anything!"

Lex smiled in an amused manner. He knew for sure that there definitely was a treasure, and in fact, it really was a crystal! It was one of the few things he discovered that might match the resin in quality. The only thing that made him curious was how everyone else knew of it.

After all, he had knowledge of the entire realm which is how he discovered it, but what did everyone else rely on?

"Oh? Do you mind sharing some of these stories with me? If I don't find anything naturally I'll just move on, but who can resist the charm of a good old treasure hunt, huh?"

Professor Oak smiled weakly, and chugged the apple juice he had in front of him, before beginning.

"It's said, at the dawn of time, when even the Tree of Heaven was just a sapling, an eight legged horse came running from the horizon, chasing a shooting star. When it reached Menara, and just as it was about to catch the shooting star, a giant monster erupted from the Chaos Sea.

"The horse and the sea monster fought, destroying much of the land, and leaving what little remained in the form of the archipelago. In fact, even the hole that descends into the Underworld is considered to have originated from that fight. But once the fight was over, the horse had lost sight of the shooting star, and so could only return where it came from.

"Many think that the shooting star shot into the contenant somewhere, but most think that it is buried somewhere on the islands. Countless have tried searching for it, including the races from the shadowed lands, but none have ever discovered it.

"By now, one would think that the rumors would fade, but they never do. Even if everyone stops talking about it, and most forget, every few thousand years the story resurges somehow, and the treasure hunt begins anew."

"Oh? That's really interesting," Lex commented, and took a sip of his drink. "But then why is it called the Chaos Crystal if you just called it a shooting star?"

The professor froze, and so did the others. It seemed none of them had an answer to the question. The thing Lex was searching for could, indeed, be considered a Chaos Crystal, because in essence it was just the liquid that formed the chaos sea, but frozen solid for some reason. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

But he was curious about how the story originated, and how they came up with the name. It seemed much too coincidental to believe that it was mere happenstance. Someone had to know about the crystal, but then why would they spread the story? Why wouldn't they take it for themselves?

Maybe they couldn't find it.

"Where did you hear about this treasure?" one of the bar's patrons asked. It was a treant, though it looked significantly different from Pinophyta.

"Oh, here and there. Why are you so surprised? It seems like everyone knows about it."

"Did you get a clue from somewhere?" asked the treant again, this time standing up and walking up to Lex.

"Maybe. What's it to you?" Lex asked, not bothering to suppress his smile since he was wearing a mask. He was hoping for a volunteer he could beat- no, eh, a volunteer he could spar with so that the rest understood not to mess with the Inn. It would serve as a small deterrent, until a big one was needed.

"The Tree of Heaven has sent 7 expeditions after the Chaos Crystal. If it were not real, they would not have happened," the treant said, finally reaching Lex, his figure towering above him. "If you have a clue you will submit it to the Treant Empire now, in service of the Tree of Heaven's needs."

"Wow, that almost sounded like an order," Lex said before taking another sip. It was remarkable how the mask did not stop the glass from passing through, but would stop anything else. Very multifunctional.

"All living beings are subject to the will of the Tree," the treant said, as if that explained everything.

"Ah, so it was an order," he said, as he stood up. "You want to take this outside? I find that I talk much better on a sparring platform."

Lex didn't bother waiting, and walked out of the manner. For whatever reason, wherever there were cultivators, there were fights, so even close to the Manor there were a few stages and platforms built where guests could spar one another without breaking the rules. Of course, both participants had to accept and the spar had to be monitored by a worker, but they were still popular.

Lex walked up to one such platform, then turned to look at the treant who was following. In fact, it seemed like the whole bar, excluding two certain individuals, had followed them.

"Why don't you convince me to share the hint with you," Lex said, as he crossed his arms and stood there. "I guarantee this is going to be your last chance, because after this, there won't be any more treasure hunts. I'll definitely find the crystal. It's a sad tradition to end, but it can't be helped."

The treant, instead of responding, directly attacked, revealing his cultivation level at the peak of the Golden core. Lex did not bother moving, and instead started to plan out his next set of actions. After the Crystal, he would go visit the other two continents. They were much larger, and contained more treasures for him to find. Hopefully, they would be useful.



Chapter 1083 Sapling

﻿﻿Everyone watched as the treant attacked with all his might, with clear intention to do as much harm as possible. Yet the masked tyrant remained unmoved the entire time. No matter how he attacked, or what move he used, it made no difference.

The treant went from feeling severe wrath and anger, to surprise, caution, and slowly, hopelessness. Everyone could tell that the man had already started to daydream amidst the attacks because he would sometimes mutter to himself, and other times move his hands as if he was doing something. But the less he paid attention to the treant's attacks, the more dreadful he seemed.

After a few minutes, he finally stopped daydreaming, and looked at the treant who was mid-attack.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"Enough," he said, and the oneness off the stage did not feel anything, but the treant felt as if he had experienced the command of an unparalleled being. He lost control of his body as it froze in its stance. Even his attack stopped mid air, unmoving under his command.

Lex, for one, hadn't done anything particular. He had not used any Glyphs, nor did he use Domination. Instead, it was as if, under the control of his mask, he could naturally imbue bits of everything with his voice, giving it power.

The treant only heard his word, but Lex was able to see his words vibrate it a strange way, forming a strange symbol. He… he just discovered another character that could be used in his arrays! Moreover, this character somehow seemed much more powerful than all the other characters he ever used. It was as if the meaning within this character was deeper, and more nuanced.

"Kneel, and for the next ten days, remain kneeling," Lex said, somehow knowing that his words were enough to command the treant. It was actually a little scary to think about, since he was beginning to realize how weak he had been up until now. It would have been so easy for someone stronger to crush him. A word alone would have been enough to end his life.

He could see the same fear and understanding in the treants eyes. It was realizing how futile it had been to try and face Lex. The difference between them was just too vast.

"Understand this, and understand it well. No one, not your Tree of Heaven or your fabled eight legged horse, or anyone else, can command me, or anyone from the Inn. We obey only the Innkeeper. Do not mistake hospitality for weakness. If someone has a problem with that, you can feel free to find me."

Lex turned to look at all those who surrounded the stage, and saw them shy away from his gaze. It seemed his work here was done. He teleported away. It was time to find the Notknit Islands.

*****

After the Tyrant disappeared, many came to help the treant, but discovered that any who tried to help him up suddenly started to kneel themselves. Before the ten days were over, it was impossible for him to get up, and any who helped fell under the same constraints.

A certain dread had captured the hearts of many. At the same time, many felt a rage begin to light up in their hearts.

Pinophyta was also watching from a distance, and upon seeing its brethren forced to kneel at the command of another, it could take no more. Silently, it left, not just the manor, but the Inn as well. To make sure no one knew of his departure, not only did he take no transport, but he also exited the Inn by vaulting over a part of the wall where there were no patrols.

As soon as he exited, however, he proceeded no further. He manipulated the wood that constituted his body, and revealed a single acorn hidden with himself.

He planted the seed in the soil, and watered it with its own blood, to the point where he fell to his knees. Yet he did not stop, until a small sappling sprouted.

Pinophyta was weakened, but still determined. He planted his own roots in the ground right there, and manipulated them so that they touched the roots on the new sapling.

"Forgive me for invoking the seed before schedule, oh Heavenly Tree! The situation here is more dire than we assumed. I have discovered two… two beings… forgive my blasphemy, but I have discovered two beings who share an aura similar to yours, and many whose power is beyond my understanding. Today, finally, I heard from the mouth of one of the Inn's that he is beholden to none save the Innkeeper, not even you. They are planting the roots of rebellion. Please, go through my memories, so you know the truth of what I say."

The roots of the sapling began to wrap around Pinophyta's own, and then began to feed off of the treants lifeforce. Slowly, the treant turned from a sentient tree, to a dead one. That is when the sapling moved, and entered the treants body, slowly changing it.

A few moments later, it seemed like Pinophyta came back to life, but found its form inconvenient. The wood that made up its body began to morph and shrink, until the treant became much smaller, and humanoid. Its eyes began to glow in an eerie yellow, and the vegetation around him began to die.

"The Innkeeper is busy…" the treant said, then turned back to the Inn, and jumped up over the wall. As it continued to walk through the Inn, returning to the settlements, it began to drop more acorns along the way.

The acorns seemed to contain a magical ability, and buried themselves in the dirt. Nothing else happened for now, but the surrounding vegetation seemed to lose a bit of their vibrancy, but it was too minor a change to notice.

If Lex had the Host Attire he might have caught on, but he neither had the suit, nor was he in the Inn. In fact, he had already made his way to the islands!



Chapter 1084 No time for adventures

﻿﻿Exploring the Midnight realm was a lot of fun, and offered many new adventures and experiences, so it was a little sad that Lex had to forgo them. When he reached the Notknit Islands he saw countless communities and various interesting races.

The islands seemed to be mainly occupied by beasts and sentient plants who learned how to move around. They formed an interesting dynamic between them, which resulted in a rich history and diverse culture, not to mention some strange customs.

Lex wanted nothing more than to jump in between them, get to know the locals, have a run in with the territory's bullies, and slap a few faces. Even challenging the Island leaders seemed like an interesting experience, as they somehow managed to capture and train monsters that could live in the chaos sea. But he did not have time for any of that.

He immediately turned on his treasure hunting Glyph, jumped through the hole that led to the underground continent that was much larger than any of the three continents above ground, and began to search for the Crystal.

He eventually discovered the reason it could not be found was because the Crystal was held as a holy item by a secret race that had been hiding in the so-called Underworld for a long time, and had abilities that could manipulate memories and cast illusions. Many thousands of years ago their ancestors had made a promise to a young monster trainer to forever keep the crystal safe.

Lex really felt like he was missing out a lot, like he was playing a video game without watching the cutscenes - something he'd never done. But he just didn't have time. Eventually, he found the Crystal, took it, and was pleasantly surprised to find that the system could absorb it - though it was only a Heavenly Immortal level ingredient.

With that done, he said farewell to all the mysteries of this place, and promised to come back when he had time - but deep inside he knew it was unlikely. It was like promising to replay a game he enjoyed a lot, with the aspiration to play in a different style and unlock a different story tree. The idea was there, but for whatever reason, he never came back to those games.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Maybe if he lived a long life, like the dragons, he'd eventually get around to playing all the games, and exploring all the places he wanted. Then he began to teleport across the sea, trying to find the other continents.

Jack, on the other hand, was also treasure hunting, though he stayed on Menara. Although originally he wanted to leave the Shadow Talons behind, and he did for a while, their ability to traverse the entire realms so easily was an enviable quality, so he ended up going back to them.

After all, they had been able to easily get into and out of the sealed domain, not to mention other places. Their help was a huge help in treasure hunting. But instead of having one of their elders with him, he preferred Ollie. After all, the elders were too big for his ship!

But the treasures he was hunting were not the ones that could be used by the system! After all, he wanted his clone to never have contact with the system at all!

This was especially so now that he had confirmed that he neither had access to the system interface, nor could he talk to Mary with his fairy body. It made sense, after all, the system was an item inside his soul, but not merged with his soul. That meant it was only in contact with his main body, not his clone.

No, the treasures he was searching for were those that could either help him build the Midnight Castle, or help him cultivate. It might seem like it was slightly redundant for him to try and avoid the system, then make a system building! But he now had access to a blueprint for a protection barrier that could even hide from the Midnight Inn! If he set that up first, then built the Castle, then he should technically maintain the state of not getting in contact with the system.

Currently, Jack found himself overlooking a battlefield covered in corpses. It somehow reminded him of the one he saw where he encountered the centipedal monster. But that was so long ago, and Lex already defeated him, yet this battlefield looked recent.

"What do you think, Ollie?" Jack asked, unwilling to bring his ship lower.

"This is the third battlefield we've found like this. So much open warfare is uncommon. If we want to pursue answers, we should look for the associated countries."

"But why is it that every battlefield is near a Barathian-Gold mine? This is too much of a coincidence. Not to mention, whenever we go to the mine, it's been stripped clean. I mean, Barathian-Gold is not supposed to be so valuable."

"I know no use of it that other metals can't do better. Any time that metal is even produced, it's because the ore happens to be alongside ores for other, more valuable metal ores."

"So you think whoever is targeting the mines is after the other ores?"

"It will need investigation to be sure. Shall I request an investigation?"

"No, no, I can't rely on the talons for everything. We must investigate this ourselves. Let's see if we can find someone living on this accursed battlefield. They might have answers."

But there was no one alive. Eventually, Jack was able to locate one of the countries at war, and discovered that it was a country of mutated insects who had become much larger. They'd also moved towards a unified colony, where various insects shared one, single colony that supported all of them.

Using his new found stealth abilities, Jack began to investigate the country. He was totally not doing this because his main body was missing out on adventures. That is when he accidentally discovered, for the first time, signs of a deity in the Midnight realm.



Chapter 1085 Anxiety

﻿﻿Jack found a corpse. Or, to be more specific, he found the remains of a ravaged corpse, radiating a divine aura. It looked mostly like the exoskeleton, but there were enough leftover bits of the rest of its body to conclude that this was not the result of molting, but rather what was left of a deity after facing defeat, and possibly having been devoured by another.

The length of it suggested that its original shape was very similar to the centipedal monster Lex had faced.

The corpse was in an underground excavation site that was heavily restricted, and guarded by some of the most powerful insects in the colony.

Lex could tell by the scurrying insects that surrounded the corpse that they had been studying it, and possibly been trying to make use of it to enhance themselves. The overpowered, evil creatures that formed as a result were probably failed experiments. Or maybe even successful experiments, based on what the objective was.

Jack was not too concerned with the evil experiments of a nation of insects, though Ollie was properly terrified. No, Jack was instead more interested in what exactly ate this deity to begin with.

He still had to be careful, as he was not as adept at using this body and its specialties, but eventually he made his way to the corpse and tried to see if he could find any clues. But whether it was through checking the corpse manually or using various techniques, it yielded no results. It was as if all clues had been specifically wiped by the culprit.

Regardless, it was an interesting find. Lex had no idea that deities had already been born in this realm, since technically speaking Mythical beings didn't necessarily have to be deities. They were just extremely powerful, and that usually resulted in them being worshiped.

Eventually they moved on, since Jack was in search of ores. Ollie did insist on returning to the shadow plane briefly to report what it found, but it did not delay them long.

Back at the Midnight Inn, the Tree of Life, which had inhabited Pinophyta's corpse, was suddenly faced with an unexpected prompt. It was told to pay for its stay if it wanted to stay longer by its personally assigned AI projection. It had not been expecting this since no one had been able to detect anything amiss with Pinophyta, besides the change in appearance. But that hardly mattered.

Its aura remained identical, and so did its behavior. There was no external indication that anything was amiss at all, yet the Inn knew that it hadn't paid to stay. Technically speaking, Pinophyta had paid for a very long stay, so no one should have asked him to pay again. Yet now it was happening.

From the day it was born, the Tree had never paid for anything other than through its desire for it to be accomplished. It's will was currency enough. But the Inn required a more tangible form of payment, causing it to have to pay up for the first time in its long life. Despite how mundane the incident was, it only served to further nurture the discontent the Tree was beginning to feel towards the Inn.

But it would not act yet. No, first, it would prepare thoroughly, and when it acted, the Inn would have no chance to respond.

Lex, meanwhile, was still blindly teleporting towards the other continents. Surprisingly, finding the gigantic masses of land was considerably difficult.

Regardless of which of the two continents he found first, it did not matter. He had targets identified on both.

The largest continent, which he had named Nether because of the number of spirits living there, had many strange biomes which gave birth to valuable treasures. The second largest continent, which he had named Jabalia, was much more normal, besides being extremely mountainous, but it too had some valuable treasures just due to its size.

Compared to the two, the sea actually lacked valuable treasures, which was surprising considering it took up the most space.

Eventually, he ended up spending days searching for the continents, to the point where the Chaos Crystal was completely absorbed by the system, and contributed 0.5% to the repair percentage.

It was disappointingly little, but it was already better than using resin again. If he could continuously find more ingredients at the Heavenly Immortal level, or perhaps even at the Celestial level, he might just complete this quest with time to spare.

It took Lex an entire week of teleporting before he found one of the continents, and he could immediately tell he had found Nether. Its aura was very similar to the region of the Inn he had designed for spirits, which was not necessarily a bad thing. Strange environments gave birth to strange treasures.

But before he could figure out where on the continent he was, he stumbled onto a war. It was between armies of Griffins and massive praying mantis'. Lex's adventure senses were tingling, but unfortunately he had to ignore them and continue exploring the continent.

Distractions were aplenty, but eventually Lex figured out where he was, and then began teleporting once more, in search of the nearest potential ingredient.

Unfortunately, ten days later, when he finally found his first treasure, the system did not recognize it as an ingredient. Lex could not dwell on the disappointment, as he had no time to waste. He started to target another treasure he had shortlisted, and began to look for it.

Incidentally, by accident, he came across a small, green plant no larger than a blade of grass.

There was nothing special about the plant as far as he could tell, and he had no information about it from the dump of knowledge he had about the Inn. But apparently it was a Celestial level ingredient!

It didn't even show up under his Glyph, but if the system recognized it, who was he to complain? The issue with that though was that he could not replicate this incident at all!

One and a half months passed as he continued to search, and during this time, he only found one more Heavenly immortal level ingredient.

The Celestial ingredient contributed 1%, and the Heavenly ingredient contributed 0.5%, bringing the total up to 32.2%!

Lex felt a level of excitement at being so close, but at the same time, he could feel an anxiety growing. No matter how he searched, he could not find more ingredients, even when he went through almost all the items he listed on Nether.

There were still more, but he had already checked the most probable ones, so he could not help but feel like looking for Jabalia. Since he had found Nether once, teleporting back to it would be easy, so he then began his journey to find the final continent.

This time, he planned it better and made sure he was teleporting in the correct direction as he set off from Nether, which is why it only took him two days to reach it.

Theoretically speaking, all he had to do was teleport to it, so it shouldn't have taken much time. But he was always afraid of teleporting too far and somehow skipping the continent entirely, which is why he had to settle for relatively smaller distances between each teleportation.

But that was the end of the good news for a long time. Once Lex found Jabalia he began to search for ingredients, but two more months passed by, and yet he could not find a single one.

The anxiety he was feeling in his heart began to increase as he wondered if he should return to the Inn and ask the Rhinocentaurs if they had found any systems. But that was a bad plan, and even he knew it.

The small Celestial ingredient he found as a blade of grass gave him hope of encountering more ingredients, but how could he find something he had no way of tracking?

Back at the Midnight Inn, while Lex was desperately looking for ingredients, a strange tension had begun to build in the air. None of the workers, or even the old guests could identify why it was there, but the source was clear.

The new guests became more and more silent as the days went by, and began to avoid contact with the workers altogether. Many of them even left the Inn, which was completely normal, save for the fact that they left as if they were escaping some kind of calamity.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Gerard, though love stricken, was not so blind as to ignore such a change, and so ordered all the guards to begin searching the Inn in case there was some conspiracy afoot. But they found nothing.

Even so, Luthor stopped his training in the lava pits he had nearly turned into his home, and the others raised their guards as well. Even if no one said it, they could tell that something significant was about to happen.

Then, one day, without warning, the ground erupted.



Chapter 1086 Currency of its will

﻿﻿Long ago, when Lex was concerned about the safety of his Inn, he added something called Delinquent Vines underneath the Inn. They extended throughout the length of the Inn, at that time, and could be remotely controlled to react to any incident happening at any time, anywhere.

Later, the remnant soul of one of Lex's old tenants who had actually died, fused with the Vines, which is how Young McDonald came to be. He had since worked diligently for the Inn, though these days he had less to do with security than managing the underground of the Inn.

Some guests preferred to burrow underground, but then catering to them was not exactly convenient, which is where he came in. Though, as the Inn grew, so did Young McDonald, which is why he was not exactly weak.

That is why, when suddenly, hundreds of vines burst from the ground, screaming in agony, it actually came as a surprise to many. But what followed that was even worse. Massive, woody roots burst from the ground like pillars rising from the sky, ripping the vines to shreds in many places.

Dirt, rock, and torn vines rained from the sky as a result of the numerous explosions, but Young McDonald was far from the only one who was injured. Most old guests, by now at least, were strong enough to at least survive the initial attack, but the children weren't.

Jimmy, the serving captain of the Peacock warriors did not quite understand what was happening. Something had hit him on the head, and he blacked out for a few seconds. When he recovered, his body felt oddly weightless, and there seemed to be a pleasant breeze.

But the world seemed red. He rubbed his eyes and that didn't make the color go away, but when he looked at his hand he saw blood, as well as a broken tooth.

"Oh, I start losing my milk teeth," the concussed child muttered to himself, still unable to grasp what was happening. It saw a peacock flying in the air, and out of habit, he grabbed it.

He was one of many children who had suffered from the initial explosion of the earth, and was launched into the air as a result. It was fortunate that the Bunnies and Peacocks were always around the kids, like attendants, so they instantly took to the air to rescue them, and prevent more damage.

But the chaos had only just begun. Thousands of roots erupted from the ground, across each of the settlements, and the ground began to oddly bulge, like something was trapped underneath.

Then the earth split, and massive trees started to grow. Simultaneously, the vines began to whip everything around them, whether it was guests, buildings, or even other plants. A pulse of energy, originating from the tip of each root, spread across the Inn, reaching the places that the vines could not, and hitting those who had escaped the initial eruption.

Divine might, mixed in with some odd, green energy spread across the Inn and tore through the few buildings that had been spared. Guests whose senses were sharp enough to avoid the eruption were still hit by the pulse.

While some of the stronger ones resisted using only their bodies, the spirits who were residing in the Inn, as well as the weaker guests suffered the worst of it. Bones broke, skin was punctured, blood burst out of bodies as if water balloons full of blood had just popped, and the spirits faded till they were nearly invisible.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Neither the impact nor the sound of the initial explosion had ended, not to mention the devastating pulse, when the trees began to glow. All the blood in the region was pulled towards the nearest tree like a magnet attracting metal.

At the same time, as if through perfect coordination, the new guests, who had come as a part of various delegations all attacked. Not all of them did, for example the Imp Kanye was taking up more of a supporting role, but most were vicious in their attacks.

They had the intent to kill, and their attacks showed it. They targeted specifically the workers, who they had divided across the Inn by calling them on various errands. Whether it was through wood or stone, through claws or fangs, divinity or damnation, they attacked with all they had, intending to spare not a single one.

The coordination was perfect, and many workers were unable to retaliate and were taken by surprise. Although most of them managed to defend, or evade the attacks entirely, they were too caught up dealing with the sudden change to do much other than barely survive. That was the plan all along.

The first blow was devastating, and that was only just the beginning. The trees would grow larger, and give birth to a terrifying formation that had destroyed countless nations before this. The corpses of their enemies would become the fuel for the Tree of Heavens might, and the Midnight Inn would be a name forgotten to history.

The first five seconds passed, and the opening gambit was made, but the Tree had no intention of waiting for a response. During its planning phase it had admitted that the Inn was the strongest foe it had ever faced, and it could not give them time to respond at all. They had to be crushed in one go, leaving them unable to retaliate at all.

So as the first few seconds passed, and many came to realize what was happening, darts of poisonous thorns shot out of all the vines, targeting the strongest workers and guests.The poison was the strongest, most lethal necrotic poison the Tree could conjure, and could kill other Nascent cultivators in less than a second.

This attack alone would kill most living beings in the Inn, leaving behind only the strongest and most resilience. The Tree of Heaven paid with the currency of its will, and so its will shall be done!



Chapter 1087 The Unholy Queen

Anita was not having the best day. This day her pregnancy was particularly difficult, causing her to feel all sorts of muscle spasms and cramps in her undead body, not to mention the bouts of nausea that were suddenly coming.

This was common, since she was not getting close. Only a little over four more decades and she'd give birth, meaning she was in the final stage of her pregnancy, so it was to be expected.

Even so, she did not give up her duties as a mother, and through great effort and resilience, put her other baby to sleep. Finally, she could get some rest.

Then the ground exploded beneath her, and she froze in fear and shock! Her eyes locked onto her baby's crib, now destroyed, and she saw the most devastating sight a mother could see!

Her baby, who had just gone to sleep, had woken back up. She was in denial. She refused to accept what she was seeing, and for a few seconds, as carnage erupted all around them, her baby stared back at her.

Then five seconds passed, and the baby started to cry.

Qawain, being a dutiful father, immediately appeared and took the baby.

"I've got this Anita, it's okay. It's okay, I'll put him back to sleep. There's no reason to be upset. In fact, don't the explosions remind you of our honeymoon when-"

He did not get to finish, because Anita grabbed her hair, pulled, and screamed. That was when the ever bright sky of the Midnight night realm, across the entire realm, turned black.

"Mary, is the Inn okay?" Lex asked, all the way on the other continent as a premonition struck him, but he did not need a reply because the shriek of an exhausted Anita roared across the entire realm.

Luthor, who had summoned his flames and was about to cause havoc, the countless devils who were rightfully about to retaliate out of anger, Gerard who had summoned his cart because his date was interrupted, Velma who was about to go berserk because the latest romance novel she was reading was ripped to shreds, and everyone else who was about to fight back against the Tree were hit by a premonition that this was an enemy they should not steal from Anita. They were right.

The beautiful Lich, whose more drastic tendencies had been softened by the approaching grace of motherhood, completely drowned in anger.

"HOW DARE YOU WAKE MY BABY?" she roared, and grabbed the nearest emerging tree, blaring her power as an Earthen Immortal in full.

Using naught but sheer might, she ripped the tree, its entire root network, and every single other plant it was connected to, right out of the ground as her body began to fly.

In her dainty little hands was a mass of wood so large it practically formed a mountain as she pulled it out. The tree resisted. The roots tried to wrap around her and pulses of energy tried to attack her. But they were like gusts of wind trying to fight a hurricane. It was just not possible.

"YOU WILL PAY!" she said through gritted teeth, completely unaware that the baby cthulhu was now staring at her and clapping its hand and laughing. All she could recall was that moment of anguish when all her hard work was for naught.

Green flames, filled with endless rancor, appeared in her eyes and then spread from her into the skies, turning into flaming arrows. At first there were a hundred arrows, then a thousand, then a million, and then beyond count as the sky itself was blotted out, and they all pointed at the mass of wood.

Then, they shot with such devastating might that a ripple traveled through the space of the entire realm.

Lex, who had just teleported back to the Inn, arrived just in time to watch as the incarnation of evil unleashed its wrath upon the tree, burning not its body, but its soul!

New notification: The realm is destabilizing due to excessive energy that it cannot tolerate!

New Emergency Quest: Stop the energy leaking out to the realm before the realm is destroyed!

Quest time limit: 1 hour!

Reward: Keeping the damn realm is the reward!

Quest failure punishment: The system is incredibly fragile at the moment! The destruction of the realm will result in the destruction of the system!

By the time Lex read the notifications, an ear piercing wail shot out from the mass of wood! Anita's flames burned souls, but did not harm them. How could she bear to do that? As a Lich, she had many uses for the souls of her enemies, so it would be best if she got them whole and undamaged.

The wood did not burn, but Anita squeezed it into itself, so that it went from a giant mass into a more easily handled container. She was using the Tree's own body to imprison its soul as she punished it!

Lex looked at Anita, then the state of the Inn, and then at his quest. He had an entire hour, so it was best not to disturb Anita prematurely.

"Honey, don't forget about its underlings," Qawain reminded her, and suddenly her gaze turned from the mass of wood down to the Inn, where the 'guests' who had attacked all the Inn workers stood frozen in abject fear. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

It would have been easier for them to accept that their world was on the verge of destruction than to believe their Tree was so effortlessly thwarted - and yet, both of those things were happening before their eyes, though they only knew of one.

Green arrows formed once again, this time pointing at the ground. All the attackers finally remembered to run, but their efforts were for naught. Countless undead had appeared all around them, and held them down where they stood.

Even the undead knew not to steal from their Unholy Queen.

"YOU WILL ALL PAY!" she said once more, and let the rain of green, flaming arrows fall.



Chapter 1088 Faux pas

The entire attack lasted less than ten seconds. The Tree of Heaven had been planning this assault for weeks, and prepared thoroughly for it. The mass of wood that Anita pulled out from the ground weighed hundreds of tonnes, and was more than strong enough to destroy entire nations.

In fact, it had actually destroyed countless nations over the course of its many years with much fewer preparations. It couldn't be helped, since the Midnight Inn had countless members who were at the Nascent realm, or at least pretended to be.

But it did not believe they were as strong as they were portraying. Even among Nascent soul cultivators, there were levels, and the Tree had never found an equal in its entire age. It was unparalleled. It was the master of heaven and earth. It was the savior and executioner of races. For his arrogance, the Innkeeper would pay.

It was with that mindset it began to make extensive preparations, even going as far as tolerating disrespect and biding its time. Everything was set. The accursed residents of the Inn were to meet their fate. The Tree had willed it so.

So then, why was everything going wrong? The Tree of Heaven was the first living being, the most ancient, the most powerful. So then why... why was the two legged she-abomination so easily able to yank out its entire clone body, and play with it like a toy? Did she not know her blasphemy by acting against it? It was her duty to lower her gaze and revel in the knowledge that the Tree had decided to kill it!

The Tree's thoughts stopped there, for when Anita's soul flames tortured him it had no energy to spare for any more thoughts. Instantly it wanted to sever the connection it had to this clone, for the pain of the soul could be felt by its entire being. Yet it was all for naught, as it had lost all?control over its clone, including the piece of its soul inside of it.

For the first time in its existence, the Tree of Heaven knew true, unyielding pain. While its clone was twisted and squeezed into a ball, completely outside the control of itself, its real body was free to writhe in agony, and it did.

Tremors shook all of Menara as its roots, which had reached the farthest corners of the continent, twisted and turned within the ground. To the residents of the continent, it seemed like the end of the world had arrived. For once, they did not know how close they were to the truth.

But once Anita had pulled up the bodies of all those who had dared attack the Inn, and hung them in the air to be whipped by her green flames, Lex finally decided it was time to get a word in.

"I don't want to disturb you," he began politely, but the Lich could not hear his words at all, too focused on properly marinating the souls of her enemies in endless pain, ripening them for when she would pluck them from their mortal containers for an eternity of servitude.

"She can't hear you right now," Qawain said, as he showed up next to Lex. "If it's something important, I suggest you really speak up. But be ready to face the backlash. She hasn't had one of her mood swings in a while, but when she first got pregnant... well, let's just say I've learned to keep my nose out of her affairs when she's like this."

Lex frowned, but did not hesitate to add a hint of Domination to his voice.

"Lady Anita, you need to control your power," he said, his voice reverberating through the Inn, and finally reaching Anita. For a moment, instead of waking her, the voice only attracted her ire, and she turned to Lex ready to lash out at him. But just as she was about to make her move, her instincts sensed a hint of danger, waking her up.

Anita's pupils dilated, because she realized the source of danger was this little human in front of her. Attacking him would actually cause her to face the possibility of danger!

Of course, she was not timid and danger did not deter her, but her motherly instincts told her not to face any unnecessary danger for now. Moreover, once she woke up from her anger driven stupor, she recalled that Lex was her ally, not enemy. There was no reason to attack him. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"Lady Anita, the Midnight realm is a newborn realm. It cannot take your power. Please retract it, and keep it contained within the bounds of the Midnight Inn."

Anita blushed, and suddenly withdrew her powers. The darkness withdrew from the realm, and Lex received the familiar ting of a notification informing him he had completed his quest.

"Excuse me, I might have lost control for a bit," she said as she covered her face with her hands. She had committed a faux pas.

"It's okay, no harm done," Lex said, then turned his gaze towards the ball of wood in her hands. "If you're able, can you also question all your prisoners about who was involved in this attack. I'll take some time to examine the Inn, but once that's done, I should really go and see to it that everyone who escaped your just retribution is unable to escape punishment."

Anita, who was blushing one moment, suddenly remembered what caused this whole incident, and her gaze turned cold.

"I'll have a whole list ready. In fact, do you mind if I come with you? The seriousness of this travesty cannot go unanswered! I must deal with them personally!"

Lex raised an eyebrow, and then looked back at the Inn. He wasn't sure if she was talking about the damage to the Inn anymore. He'd never seen her get so riled up over an attack on the Inn. But, whatever the case, her timely intervention had prevented more damage, so he wasn't going to complain.

"Sure, you can come. In fact, I'll bring a few others as well. But just remember tokeep your powers in check. This is still just a new realm. It cannot sustain your power yet."



Chapter 1089 Setting out

The damage from the attack was extensive, but fortunately there were no casualties, which was nearly a miracle. Nearly, because all the old guests of the Inn, whether young or old, strong or weak, had undergone various power ups and evolutions upon coming to the Inn. Even the kids had become much more powerful, and though they may have not started to cultivate on their own yet, their bodies might as well be that of a cultivator.

But while there were no casualties, many had been injured. The lack of Recovery pods made the situation a lot more critical, and Dr. Charles Best was doing his best to ensure that the situation did not deteriorate further.

The fairies who had just recently joined the Inn proved their worth at this time, using their fairy dust to heal all the wounded, or at least keep them from getting worse. At the same time, many of them could not help but look up at the beautiful Lich who was torturing the souls of her enemies up in the air.

They recalled what Lex had said about everyone needing to behave while at the Inn. They suddenly did not doubt him anymore. Everyone had to behave, or else who knows what that lady would do.

Once Lex was done talking to Anita, the first thing he did was come back down, take a single drop of blood, mix it with a lot of water, and then use it to treat all the wounded. He could easily do one drop per person, but even if he diluted his blood the effectiveness of it was good enough. Moreover, he felt a little strange going around dropping his blood on people. He really needed to come up with an alternative to that.

Besides the people, many buildings were also damaged, and without the Host Attire, repairing them would have to be a manual job. Lex did not anticipate too much trouble, considering that they were all cultivators and had techniques that could aid in reconstruction. But it was safe to say that it was going to be a hassle keeping all the guests who were already fed up of being at the Inn placated now.

For the most part, the guests just treated this incident as an entertaining interlude in their stay at the Inn. At most, they were just interested to see how the locals would react after this incident was fully over. But some of them found it interesting that such an attack happened in the first place.

One would think that the Innkeeper would easily be able to predict this attack and prevent it from happening. So then why did he allow it to happen? Was it true that he was so occupied that he could not spare the Inn any attention at all? Was this the repercussion of creating a new realm?

There was no answer, and they would get none either. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

After Lex addressed all the immediate concerns at the Inn, he summoned Leonidus, and the new Midnight Battalion.

Although this battalion was only 300 strong, they were meant to be the Midnight Inns fighting force in the future, and now it was time for their first excursion. Of course, besides them, a few other members of the Inn requested to come along, and Lex refused none of them.

About fifteen minutes after the attack was over, the Inn's retaliatory force was ready, so Lex brought them all to Anita, who had paused her torture session to glare at Qawain. Something told Lex that they were having a private conversation.

Finally, she turned to Lex and said, "It seems my dear husband thinks I have over exerted myself today, and need to rest." Anita looked very displeased, but Lex was not about to get involved in a lovers spat.

"I have prepared a list of all involved parties. If I discover anything new, I will let you know, but this should be all of them."

Lex felt somewhat relieved that she wasn't going, and silently accepted the list. He recognised none of the names on it, but that would be solved soon enough. Regardless, his first target was going to be the Tree of Heaven itself.

Although Anita had very easily disposed of its clone, Lex expected the real body to put up a bigger fight. Even though it was limited to the Nascent realm, it had absorbed countless pieces of resin, and so Lex would not be surprised if it could fight above its level. That was adding upon the fact that it was likely a Mythical being.

It was a very unique…

Lex froze. The Tree of Heaven was a Mythical being which had absorbed not one, but countless pieces of resin. He wondered… wondered if the corpse of the tree could count as an ingredient to fix the system? If it did, would it be the same as the resin, or would it count as a different one?

This invasion could not have come at a better time. Ordinarily, Lex would not do something like killing a Mythical being just to use it as a corpse. But since he was about to make an example of one anyway…

"Worry not, Lady Anita. I will make sure that the Tree of Heavens feels the full force of your wrath. Even a shred of its corpse will not be left behind!"

Lex spread his energy and encompassed the battalion, as well as everyone else who was coming along, and teleported them out. It might be difficult to find other things on this continent, but the Tree was visible from nearly everywhere.

Its size was genuinely astronomical, and even if Anita overpowered it, Lex did not think it would be so easy even for her to take it down. Heck, if Lex started burning it down, it would probably take months of continuous burning for the fire to spread across its entire body, let alone actually burning through it. Lex might as well be facing off against a small moon!

But he was not worried, because he had prepared something special just for it.



