Chapter 1040 History

The fairies were slightly taken aback by Lex's impatience, as well as his willingness to help them out so easily. In their defense, they had a very long time to imagine being saved from their grim fate, and this definitely did not reflect what they had imagined.

First of all, the moment that they realized that the destined savior was a human, they felt a slight bitterness. They did not expect a human to work against his own race for their benefit. They also did not want to associate any positive feelings for the race that was responsible for trapping them to begin with.

But he just seemed to be concerned about getting into the final chamber. He neither cared for the great secret of the domain, nor what they would offer him in exchange for their help.

"The heart of the domain is a treacherous place," the armored fairy tried to warn Lex. "It is surrounded by powerful beasts who will not be cowed by the aura of your projection, and by a treacherous environment."

"Yes, yes, I got it. Just tell me where it is, or would one of you like to come with me?" Lex asked.

He didn't want to seem too pushy, since these fairies had been suffering for a long time. But it was also difficult to explain to them that it was unlikely anything here could really harm him.

The fairy was stumped, and looked back towards his people.

"Great savior, if you give me some time, I will get ready to accompany you. It will be easier for you to navigate the trials of the domain's heart if one of us accompanies you."

"Sure, go ahead," said Lex, letting out a defeated sigh. It was as if there was some all powerful mastermind, carefully orchestrating the events of his life, some diabolical figure, authoring his exceedingly long journey so that he would just stay in suspense about the use of the resin longer. What did a guy need to do to get a break?

The fairy returned to his city and walked to the very castle through which he had arrived down here. But the castle in the small-scale replica did not have an underground tunnel network, but was instead housing what seemed like a supervisory council.

The fairy met with them, and must have had a long conversation with them using his spirit sense, because he didn't hear them actually speak. Lex could technically spy on their conversations if he entered their minds, but he didn't want to pry.

"Hey Pel, is there some way I can secretly listen in on spirit sense conversations held by other people?" he asked, out of pure curiosity, and no desire to spy or misuse the ability at all. "Secretly is the main focus here," he specified.

"As long as your cultivation realm is higher, or your spirit is significantly more powerful, it is not difficult at all."

The ring transmitted the method to Lex, and it was simply a different application of his own spirit sense. At the same time, he sent Lex ways to keep his own spirit sense hidden from others, as well as sense if someone else was trying to spy on his conversations.

Being stronger than everyone else was truly a huge hack. It took Lex only a dozen seconds to learn everything. He eyed the fairies once more, but then shook his head. He let them have their privacy. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The meeting did not take too long, and the fairy soon left, though Lex could not help but notice all the looks it was getting from its fellow fairies. It was as if it was going on a pilgrimage from which it would never return. Even the fairy himself wore a somber expression, as if his entire life had been leading up to this moment of great sacrifice.

Lex felt like facepalming, but restrained himself.

"Do you know the location of where we are going?" Lex asked. "As in, relative to where we are?"

"I can sense the location of the domain's heart. We will have to journey to the west."

"Well, hold on," Lex said, as he allowed the fairy to grab onto his sleeve. Then he teleported away, towards the west.

The fairy, who was not mentally prepared, was stunned. It had never experienced teleportation before, nor did it know of it, so it could not comprehend what had just happened.

"I'll keep teleporting over large distances, you just keep guiding me on where to go," said Lex, as he looked at the fairy. If one ignored loose, wrinkled skin the fairy had accumulated, it was actually kind of cute.

"I will guide you, savior! You are even more powerful than we imagined."

"You have no idea," Lex said while chuckling, as he teleported once more under the fairies direction.

"By the way, my name is Lex. You don't need to keep calling me savior. If you don't mind me asking, how exactly did you get trapped in your situation?"

"Indeed, savior Lex, it would be my honor to tell you our history. My name is Leroy, and I am from the Haka bloodline. Long ago, before we lived in the domain, fairies and humans had formed a temporary alliance. We both had been exiled from under the Tree of Heaven, for other, stronger races took our place. As the Tree of Heaven requires only the strongest and the best to tend to its roots, our failure meant that we had lost our homes, and our protection.

"Banished to the unshaded lands, we were sentenced to a nomadic life, looking for refuge. But no matter where we tried to settle, we would be found by the races that had replaced us. They were not satisfied with just exiling us. They wanted to eliminate the entire race so that we could never recover and retake our place.

"Weakened and hunted, we ran and ran till it seemed there would be no hope. That is when the humans discovered the domain. But there was one significant flaw in the otherwise natural fortress, which were the many openings that would appear from time to time. Although the openings were selective in who they allowed in, we could not risk it.

"That is when the humans proposed a joint sacrifice. Using the immense knowledge of their race, and the amazing abilities of ours, they devised a way to close the domain to outsiders. It would require a major, joint sacrifice, as the strongest of the humans from back then would need to give up his own life to create the enchantment that would affect the domain. At the same time, the leader of the fairies from back then would need to tolerate the impact of the enchantment with his body, and allow the change to take place.

"But that is when we were deceived. Although the human back then, did, indeed sacrifice himself, he also lied. It was not just the leader of the fairies at that time who was affected, but any fairy who would ever bear the burden of leadership, for as long as our race existed.

"So when our leader died, the next one immediately suffered the overwhelming pressure of the enchantment that was used to affect this sealed domain. This temporary refuge became our prison, and our once allies became our prisoners! This was because the enchantment needed a living body to support it, and unless it was shifted from fairy to fairy, the effects of the enchantment would fade!

"Over generations, we supported each other by electing one another as leader, and shifted the burden of the enchantment from fairy to fairy before they died. During the shifting process, we also learned how to change the enchantment slightly to give us hope of escape and freedom, though we were limited in just how much we could change it.

"That is why, nearly the entire fairy race is withered and frail, having suffered at the hands of the enchantment. But there is one possibility of escape, one that even the human who crafted the enchantment could do nothing about, as it has to do with the rules of the domain itself.

"Once the secret of the domain is accessed and revealed by one who follows the rules of the domain, the domain will fall into a temporary dormant state while it recharges, and creates a new secret treasure to take the place of the one that was taken.

"That dormancy is the opportunity we need. The fairies have hidden for generations, out of sight of the humans, and have worked to build the misconception among them that all the fairies have died. This is so that once the dormancy period comes, we can escape the domain in secret. Otherwise, in our exhausted state, we will not be able to fight against the humans if they try to trap or make use of us again.

"In such a case, all we can do is fight to our death. In the absence of hope, we can-"

"I don't mean to interrupt, but is that the great secret you're talking about?" Lex asked, pointing to a shining treasure.

At some point, unnoticed by Leroy, they had made their way through layer and layers of deadly traps and barriers that had prevented humans from reaching it for thousands of years.



Chapter 1041 Not the journey nor the destination

Getting to the heart of the domain wasn't exactly simple. He had to consistently check with Leroy to see if he hadn't accidentally teleported past it. But, at a certain point, Lex was able to tell on his own where the heart was.

It started with entering a bog that gave off a noxious gas that was both corrosive and poisonous. Of course, it did nothing to Lex, but he could see how anyone else would have been highly inconvenienced if not completely deterred by it.

The fact that the bog also contained countless venomous beasts was also a strong indication that they were close. By this point, Leroy was already deeply invested in sharing the troubled past of his people, so Lex felt slightly awkward disturbing him, so he continued on his own.

His Wyrm's Glyph also helped at this point, as it could pick up the value of whatever secret the domain was hiding. After the bog and an extremely rocky region with a terrain that would be difficult to traverse for anyone traveling by land. Countless rabid beasts flew in the air, discouraging anyone from taking that route as well, though once again Lex just ignored them.

After countless deep canyons, rivers of acid, a pool of blue lava, a field of surprisingly beautiful flowers that were obviously carnivorous, a gravity field, another bog, and finally an enchanted forest later, Lex finally encountered a small building that managed to restrict his teleportation. Fortunately, at this point, his projection came in handy, opening the otherwise sealed doors.

Lex noticed a few human bones at this point, as well as a small man made hut belonging to someone who probably lived here for a while, but the occupant was long dead already, so he ignored it.

He entered the building, only to get caught in a trap. Lex had to admit that he figured out a way?to solve the trap, but it was much easier to just let it spring and then walk through the harmful effects of it to the final chamber, so that's what he did.

As it turned out, some kinds of corrosive liquids actually made good hair gel if they could not eat through the hair and scalp. Who knew?

Finally, after nearly eight minutes of extensive travel since he began the journey, Lex reached a pedestal over which a golden crown was floating. It looked identical to his projection.

But more than the crown, Lex could tell that the golden jewel embedded in it was the real prize. His Domination aura was reacting to it in a strange way, though oddly enough Wyrm's Glyph was ignoring the gem and telling him that the crown was the valuable thing.

It was fairly obvious, but he interrupted Leroy anyway, just to be sure. Who would be responsible if there were some secret twist and the actual secret was the pedestal and the crown was just a distraction.

Poor Leroy, however, was too stunned to respond. His elders had informed him of the treacherous journey to the heart of the domain. They had told him that he would likely not make it to the center, or if he did, it would take decades at least.

The beasts that blocked the path were immune to the effects of the projection aura, and the terrain was specifically designed to test the mettle of anyone who would dare lay claim to the secret prize.

No, this had to be some kind of trick or delusion! Leroy used the special technique given to him by his elders to guide his path and it… it pointed him directly to the crown! He turned to look at Lex, who was just looking back at him curiously.

"If that's the secret, then I'd really like to get this over with. I don't want to tell you how many chapters- eh, I mean, how many days I've been waiting for this."

Leroy still didn't respond. His brain shut down. He was reliving the painful past of his people. He was ready to sacrifice and join the long list of martyrs who had paid the ultimate price for his people. The obstacles before them were insurmountable.

His elders had warned him to be mentally prepared for the fact that their savior may even die in the pursuit of the great secret. But now he was supposed to believe that the man took just a few minutes to get to it?

What about the epic journey? The trials they had to overcome? The bond they would build over the dangers they faced? He had rehearsed the words he would say when he would be dying to encourage the savior not to quit. Now… now he was just supposed to believe it was all over? Just like that?

Sensing that poor Leroy was not in the right mental state to respond at the moment, probably too welled up with the emotions linked to his imminent freedom, Lex decided to ignore him and just check for himself. He walked up to the podium, ignoring the strange pressure that was supposed to be weighing down his steps, and just grabbed the crown from midair.

There was an invisible barrier around it, which was awkward, because Lex ended up grabbing the barrier alongside the crown and pulling it as well. It seemed not everything could be brute forced!

Lex used his own, golden aura one more time to disable the barrier, and finally got his hands on the crown.

A pulse of energy traveled from the crown into Lex, and then into the ground itself. The entire domain began to tremble as a massive earthquake suddenly began to rock everything. Back in the underground temple, in the final chamber, the fairy who was being suppressed by the river of energy coursing through him finally sensed the flow ebb, and took his chance.

He had been prepared for this day his whole life! 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

It was time to break the enchantment. Lex, however, ignored everything, because he heard a very familiar sound in his head.

New Notification!



Chapter 1042 Great feat

﻿﻿The timing of things was just too coincidental. Although Lex was expecting the system to come back online soon, for it to come back as soon as he grabbed the crown, clearly indicated that there was more at play.

Rather than spending his time in speculation, Lex instead just read the notifications.

New Notification: System repair achieved 23% completion!

New Notification: No new features unlocked due to insufficient energy!

New Notification: Energy surge absorbed! Repair process accelerated.

New Notification: Newborn system detected! Absorb newborn system?

It took a moment for everything to click, but when it did, Lex felt a surge of excitement! His talk with the Rhinocentaurs gave him hope that he might find other systems within his realm, but he never expected to actually encounter one. After all, his personal experiences had always been one filled with extreme inconveniences and unnecessary troubles.

Well, technically speaking, even this time there were many obstacles in his path, but he had just overcome them by being much stronger than them.

Although he could not make a guess for how many other systems there were in his realm, just the possibility of them gave him much more hope. He would have put searching for more domains on his agenda as a way of looking for more systems, but according to Pel they were extremely rare, and finding even one was already a big deal.

The thing he found the most exciting, however, was that his Domination aura was reacting to this newborn system! It hadn't had much of a reaction to the system he got from John, but the newborn system was making it act strangely. While in its current state it would prove to be an unreliable method for searching for more systems, if he strengthened it, then it might actually prove to be viable!

Lex put the crown in his spatial bangle, and it easily entered. It was not that he wanted to hold off on absorbing more systems, but that he was more interested in seeing if the resin was absorbable first.

"I think that was most likely the secret we were looking for," Lex said, turning to Leroy. "Shall we head back?"

Although he was asking the question, he understood that Leroy was probably still in shock, so he grabbed the fairy and teleported directly back to the underground chamber where the fairies lived! Since he had already been there once, it was easy for him to teleport to it.

"Oh fairies, I, your savior, return with my quest successfully completed!" Lex declared in a loud voice. He was feeling particularly chipper at the moment, and so didn't mind putting on a show.

Perhaps if the entire sealed domain had not just suffered a massive earthquake, and the flow of energy around the final chamber wasn't noticeably reduced, the fairies would have thought that he was messing with them. But as things stood, they had to believe him - which was the most unbelievable part!

That hadn't even been enough time to bake the cakes they put in their ovens to celebrate the arrival of the savior! Now, they were supposed to believe that those cakes would be used to celebrate their freedom instead?Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Perhaps the unusual obsession with a loss of an extra opportunity to eat cake was the strange coping mechanism of the fairies.

Leroy finally snapped out of his stupor and then looked at Lex with eyes filled with both horror and worship!

"Your chance for freedom is finally at hand," Lex declared magnanimously. "I have already ventured through the treacherous lands at the heart of this domain, and claimed its secret for myself. What happens next is up to you."

As if to confirm the truth, many looked towards Leroy, who flew out of Lex's hands and flew down to share his story. Lex did not immediately badger them to open up the final chamber. He waited for them to finish questioning Leroy, and actually come to terms with the truth.

It was also partially because he could feel that as time went by, the massive stream of flowing energy was diminishing, and hoped that it would completely stop before he went into the last chamber.

After all, it was literally the only thing here that threatened him, and he felt like with his luck, the resin would be in the dead center of the stream if he went right now.

Ironically, it took longer for everyone to accept that the quest was already complete than it did for Lex to go and retrieve the floating golden crown. He was also keeping an eye on the city above him, and interestingly enough, he discovered that as the stream of energy slowly came to a halt, the effects of the crown projections also began to fade.

Many humans who had previously been enslaved were breaking free of their restraints, and what ensued was chaos. Some of the more desperate and enraged ones were fighting against the enslavers, while most of them were just trying to run away.

It was likely that similar scenes were happening all over the sealed domain. He wondered how everything was going over at Torrinwood, and his dragon monument.

Eventually, the fairies finally accepted the truth. That is when things became more interesting. They all changed into suits of armor that seemed to have been prepared for a long time, and started to gather in the city square, lining up to form a star with 18 different triangular edges while holding hands.

Lex could feel that they were activating some kind of spell or technique, and their layout seemed particularly well suited for the function of the technique. His left eye began to detect different laws appearing around them as chains. Some chains looked like they were indestructible and made of the hardest materials. But others were incredibly frail, as if a blow of the wind could cause them to break.

Lex raised an eyebrow. Did the enchantment that was holding them prisoner, and the one that affected this entire domain, create an artificial law? How had these weak little fairies, and that one human, achieved such a thing?



Chapter 1043 Remnants of a race

﻿﻿Lex actually became genuinely interested in whatever the fairies were doing. Pel had already told him that the fairies were different, but how could they create a law when the strongest of them was barely in the Golden core realm? Or perhaps, back when they created this enchantment they were stronger, but the problem still remained.

The most likely answer was not that they created a law, but that domains themselves had the unique ability to create or influence certain laws within its territory, and that they were just influencing the domain. Yes, that made sense.

But even that was no small feat. Basically, didn't that mean that as long as Lex learnt what they did, and took control of this sealed domain, he could recreate the Midnight Inn using only this domain?

Long ago, when he was learning arrays, he imagined himself creating such a complicated and thorough array that it could effectively replicate a system. He eventually ran into problems with arrays and couldn't do it, but the theory stayed with him even if he never made progress on it.

Now that he was stronger and understood more about cultivation, he knew that it would be impossible to properly replicate a system unless he could influence laws themselves, which meant that he was not quite at that level. But he still thought it was theoretically possible. This was good research, and may benefit him in the future, so he stopped everything else and focused all his attention on the fairies and how they were influencing the laws.

Lex could see a lot of things happening, and though he did not understand them yet, he memorized them nevertheless. In the future, once his level grew even more, and his understanding about laws was deeper, maybe he would be able to make sense of what he was seeing now.

As the flowing stream of energy weakened, the power of the fairies technique grew and all the chains he could see began to tremble. In fact, Lex could even sense a subtle change happening in his own crown projection.

At the same time, he could sense that the fairies' strength was also fading. It was not an exaggeration to say that the entire race of fairies had been weakened tremendously as a collective. Each of them had frail bodies and wrinkly skin, not to mention that their aura was fluctuating rapidly while they focused on attaining freedom.

Perhaps there were some younger fairies who had been spared the burden of maintaining the enchantment for a period, but as far as he could tell, they would cycle that burden amongst all their people as a way of keeping all of them alive, even if it was in a weakened state.

But at least the fairies in front of Lex, all 1450 of them, were all on the verge of collapse. He wondered if there were other fairy settlements for the younger generation. The alternative, of course, was that this was all that was left of this entire race. That was a tragic thought, truth be told.

Lex did not wait long. At the moment the energy dried up, the smaller, weaker chains suddenly all snapped. The sealed domain suddenly trembled, and this time much more violently than from the earthquake. That was because it wasn't just the ground that was shaking, but the massive boundary wall of the sealed domain as well.

Lex could feel currents of energy forming, flowing just like the wing, and like the wind, gathering into a massive storm.

Lex raised an eyebrow as his body experienced goosebumps. For the second time, he was about to encounter something in this domain that could threaten him, and the same as the first, it had to do with energy. At least this time, it could fall under the category of a natural disaster. It was humbling to know that a natural disaster formed from massive currents of energy could still harm him. He was almost beginning to think he was indestructible over here.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

But the energy storm was happening far away from him, and was up above the surface. He expected that he was probably safe underground, even though energy could technically travel through the ground. He was not sure what to expect actually.

On that thought, he decided to stop dallying around. He turned his attention to the door of the final chamber, which was no longer sealed shut. It had cracked open on its own, though no one came out or went in. The fairies who were in the square had all collapsed, and though they had attained their freedom, it would take a while for them to recover.

Lex was, of course, going to offer them all jobs at the Inn. It was not just because he felt pity for them, but because they had literally influenced laws in front of him! No matter how many loopholes they used, he could not deny their feat. They would make incredible allies in the future, once they recovered from the deep exhaustion that haunted their entire race.

As for the curse that haunted their race… well, Lex would deal with it when it became a problem. He was convinced that there was something about him that would never let him have an easy time. Maybe it was the system that could bend the universe to its will, or maybe it was something else. Either way, he was no longer afraid of trouble, because it would come his way regardless.

But offering the fairies jobs would have to wait. For now, he walked up to the door and opened it, revealing a destroyed chamber. The entire ground had collapsed into rubble, and a good portion of the roof had caved in as well. Lex could feel lingering traces of the energy that used to course through this room, but it seemed that as soon as the energy faded, the integrity of the room failed as well.

His spirit sense picked up something, and it wasn't the resin. Buried beneath the rubble was the body of a fairy.

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.



Chapter 1044 Touching the Dao

﻿﻿Lex carefully removed all the debris that had crushed the fairy using his spirit sense, revealing a frail, withered body devoid of all life. Looking at the deplorable state that the tiny body was in, Lex could not help but feel a tinge of pity.

Although he knew it would be useless, Lex took out a drop of his blood, turning half of it into the soul state, and dropped it on the body. The drop of blood was quickly absorbed, and the body began to recover at a visible rate. The crushed bones quickly recovered, the skin smoothed out, the wings that were broken healed, and all the bruises on its body vanished.

In a matter of seconds, the fairy's body was restored to its peak state, but the body still remained lifeless. The half of his blood that had been turned into the soul state remained hidden within the body, unabsorbed by anything. There was no soul left to heal. The fair was thoroughly dead, even if its body was restored.

He sighed. It was quite tragic. He had come so close to freedom, and in fact delivered it to his brethren, but was unable to see it himself.

Lex carefully lifted the body and placed it aside. Once he was done here, he would return the body to the other fairies so that they could bury it, or honor it in whatever way they deemed fit.

Then he began lifting all the debris off the ground. He could tell that previously this chamber had been surrounded by a powerful protection, so that even he would have had trouble getting through it. But whatever had occurred in this chamber not only destroyed the chamber itself but also those protections. That made life convenient for Lex, since he could tell that the chamber was built right over the resin. It was too convenient to be a coincidence.

Lex did not even have to dig too deep. After removing a single layer of debris he discovered a bowl shaped, hollowed out area, and within it lay a small piece of amber colored resin that could easily fit in the palm of his hand.

It did not give off any aura at all, and only wafted the slightest aroma. But just that gentle whiff was enough to arrest Lex.

His limbs froze as the mixed sensation of absolute fear mixed with enormous greed assaulted his mind. Domination trembled within his body, as if it was being affected by its roots of Dragons Might.

Lex's mind, which had grown enormously after his recent growth, was stunned as it was overwhelmed by the presence of the resin.

Most of all, Lex's instincts were warning him in the clearest way possible. It was almost as if they were directly speaking to him.

The resin in front of him had the potential to put him in incalculable trouble and danger, the likes of which he had never experienced before. Of course, this was only subject to the limit that his instincts could respond to. For example, when Lex had encountered the mysterious man who had just entered his room somehow, his instincts hadn't been able to detect him at all as that person was just too powerful, and beyond the scope of what his instincts could calculate.

Maybe even now, his instincts were failing to grasp the true extent of the danger associated with this resin. But besides warning him about the danger, there was also an insatiable greed. His body wanted it! His soul needed it! The resin would change things forever!

It took Lex several minutes of just being frozen still to get over the initial shock of just smelling the resin.

As soon as a semblance of control returned to him, Lex immediately sealed his sense of smell, allowing his body to recover slowly. The resin barely gave off any other aura, which is why his body stopped reacting to it.

His heart was racing and sweat began to accumulate on his brow as he considered what to do. The strong reaction from his body was tempting him, but his mind was telling him it was more important to first check if it could restore his system.

There were other bits of resin in this realm that he could get his hands on, so it wasn't like he was suffering a permanent loss if he gave it up now. But just having such a thought was an extreme burden on him, and took an immense amount of willpower.

It seemed like perhaps giving the resin to his system might not be the easiest thing. Lex slowly sealed his other senses, including his sense of touch, as he prepared himself to interact with the resin.

If the system could absorb it, then he had to accept it as quickly as possible and not allow the resin to stay in contact with him for too long.

"Mary, is there any way I can automate the acceptance in case the system can absorb this resin?" he asked.

"No, unfortunately, you cannot. It is one of the protocols to protect hosts. You have to manually accept it when the prompt comes up."

Lex gulped, feeling oddly nervous. Even with almost everything sealed, his instincts kept warning him. The consequences of touching the resin would be far from simple. But he had no choice.

Lex psyched himself up, and then reached forward, ready to accept the system's prompt as soon as it appeared. His finger touched the resin, and he heard a familiar sound. But it hardly mattered.

Pel had told him that the Amber Chaos resin was a Dao level ingredient. That meant that, in a way, touching the resin with his body was the same as touching a Dao lord with his bare body. There was no way he could get away unscathed.

At the same time, the resin was meant to be extremely gentle, and could be absorbed by any living being. That meant Lex would not come to harm. But that did not mean there would be no side effects at all.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

A golden light emerged from within Lex, one that was more deeply connected to him than anything else he had ever revealed, even Domination. All the inscriptions in Lex's body and soul were erased, and his Empyrean Resonance physique was unsealed completely.



Chapter 1045 Unleashed

The radiance of the light emanating from Lex's body could not be blocked by stone or walls, nor could it be limited by distance, laws or even realms. Lex himself became a beacon of light, his entire figure drowned out amidst the light itself. Since his mind was overwhelmed, his body acted on instinct to protect itself, and so Domination was released all around him, much like the Dragons Might had once surrounded the dragon he had stolen.

But he was hardly in danger, because the closest to him, the fairies, were all unconscious. But that did not prevent them from being influenced by the golden light. Lex's physique was supposed to help humans evolve, but whether it was due to the influence of the Amber Chaos resin, or because his physique itself was completely unlocked, it began to influence everything humanoid.

It began, first, with the fairy corpse closest to him. Even though it lacked a soul, the body was at least fine, and under the brilliance of the golden light, it began to evolve, and it even used the remaining half drop of soul state blood left in its body. Then came the fairies outside, who had procured freedom, but had no energy left to enjoy it. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Their bodies lay prone on the floor, still holding hands firmly, even while they had no strength to do anything else. The golden light shone down on them, and like the gentle touch of the light of the winter sun, began to provide them with much needed warmth.

Their wrinkles began to retreat, their feeble bodies began to strengthen, their wings regained their lost vigor, and a hint of golden appeared around their eyes.

But though the fairies were the closest to Lex, they were not the only humanoids around. Through endless earth the light traveled, and then illuminated the chaos ridden lands of the sealed domain.

The energy storm up above and wrought more havoc than Lex had estimated. The once regal city above him, considered the center of power and wealth, was brought to ruins, and its inhabitants either dead or gone.

Though, ironically, it was not the energy storm that killed the residents. It had only harmed the buildings. The residents, mostly, had been killed by each other, or by their slaves.

But as the glow of the golden light spread, it eventually reached those who were running away with all their might.

Fueled by adrenaline, caught in the grip of fear, they did not immediately notice the changes in their bodies. They were just grateful for the sudden surge of energy in their limbs so that they could continue to run.

Like a golden dawn, ushering in a new era, the light spread across the entire sealed domain, and affected anything at all that was humanoid, and then it escaped the boundaries of the domain and continued to spread.

Lex Williams, the Leopold who ran a hotel, noticed a strange light on the horizon. He was curious, but could not go and explore, for he had too many problems on his plate at the moment.

Across land and sea and air, the light spread out across Menara, affecting an uncountable number of beings before it finally reached the Midnight Inn. A number of patrols walked across the border walls, ensuring nothing went amiss. They were the first to experience that light, and feel the subtle changes it started to bring within their bodies.

Many of them had experienced something like this before. It was when Lex was bringing them from the Temple of Fasting back to the Inn. They knew not where the light came from or what it was doing, but it had saved their life before, so they knew it wasn't bad.

Slowly but surely, the entire Inn was bathed in that golden glow. The workers there, who had experienced multiple star ranking changes, training at the temple, and the baptism of the energy from a new realm, once again began to grow under the effects of the light, finally crossing a critical threshold.

They did not know it, nor did they feel its effects. Cassandra's clone, who was still cultivating in a corner, would have noticed, but she was occupied with and could not even tell the changes her own clone was undergoing.

Far away in the universe, hidden in an unknown realm, there was a massive city built entirely of stone. Every single inch of it radiated an ancient glory and power, washed in the blood of trillions. Its many statues depicted warriors across the ages, their strength, honor and sense of duty unmatched. Even though the entire city reeked of primeval vicissitudes, there was not a single crack or fault across it.

Once a beacon of power, the city had now become a refuge for the damned and defeated. Countless humans slumbered within its walls, forced to hide when all they wanted was to reveal themselves to the universe, and retake their place on the battlefields. But they had a duty, even if it made them feel like cowards.

They were the most glorious of the entire human race, the ones with the most potential and talent. They were the final flame, hidden away, in case the humans should ever fall, and their race be defeated in the realm wars. But the sound of a crack reverberated through the city, waking up its ancient caretakers. In the city center, the largest statue which was that of a glorious flame had cracked, shocking those who laid eyes upon it.

Despite the ominous nature of what had happened, they knew what it signified was not a bad thing - just unbelievable. Somewhere out in the universe, a new bastian had appeared, with humans with even greater talent and potential than themselves?

But how was that possible? This city was filled with the bloodlines of the earliest humans, blessed by mother Nuwa herself! Who could surpass them? And how? Unfortunately for them, the statue revealed no answers.

In the Origin realm, Belle was soaked in blood, and was hiding in a cave underground. She had returned to the Jotun empire, but the empire was at war and even her immense strength could not protect her if she was against foes too powerful. The Fiery Mammoths had been preparing for this war for too long and held the advantage for now. The humans were retreating. She had been separated from her team, which likely meant that they were already dead.

Even her survival was questionable, until she felt something - something in her very core. A tinge of gold appeared in her blood, and her Angel bloodline began to strengthen.

"Lex," she murmured as worry flashed in her eyes, but she could do nothing in her current state. Anger appeared in her eyes, before she closed them. She had to heal.

Elsewhere in the Origin realm, Liz was running as fast as she could through a crowded city, sweat and grime covering her face. A sudden surge of energy filled her, giving her just the boost she needed to leap through the closing doors of a spaceship, finally granting her a reprieve.

She had not run away from home, and homework, just to be brought back so easily. She wanted to live life and have her own adventures.

At first, Liz did not notice the changes taking place in her body. But her mother had told her too many times for her to remain ignorant for long. A streak of gold appeared in her blood, strengthening her Beast Fusion abilities, if only she could find a worthy beast to fuse with.

A trace of concern flashed through her eyes, but then she remembered her father. Even if Lex was in trouble for now, her old man would eventually save him. She, at least, was not as stupidly gifted as the rest of her family, so it was best if she stayed out of trouble. Liz conveniently ignored that with that new streak of gold in her blood, she had already surpassed even the mythical level for the beast taming cultivation path that no other living human had even reached.

Elsewhere, in a cozy hammock in a palace garden, Moon slept peacefully. She didn't wake up when the change happened, but she did squeeze her eyes shut even harder. No one noticed, for no one was allowed in her lonely palace.

In another realm entirely, a couple was riding a massive wyvern through the clouds, with countless dark shapes chasing them. When the change happened they both suddenly looked at each other, shocked. They both had extremely different reactions.

The woman began cursing oracles as frauds, and the man drew his sword. Even though he was still not an immortal yet, the Earth Immortal figures chasing them trembled just a bit. Then a sword intent that had been sheathed for too long tore through the skies, raining down blood on the boiling sea far below them.

"What are we going to do?" the woman asked, extremely worried.

"For now, we're already doing the best we can," the man answered simply.

In a room in the Midnight Inn, a particular devil was sleeping, but woke up with a startle when he felt the change in his body under the influence of the golden light. At first, he was greatly alarmed, but then, he began to laugh unfettered. His bloodline was evolving!

Somehow, he had to get word back to Garvitz!



Chapter 1046 2nd Body

The golden light shining from Lex's body spread across the entire Midnight realm, and for most creatures it was just an interesting and unusual event, but for some it was the beginning of a monumental change.

Perhaps none benefited as much from the change as the Inn workers though, as their bodies potential had already been repeatedly improved. The higher their potential reached, the more difficult it became to improve, yet that is exactly what they experienced.

In fact, the cultivation potential for the Inn workers could no longer be measured on a scale for humans. They would need to compare themselves to the average humanoid from a superior race, such as devil, elves or even angels.

The timing could not have been better, because Luthor had just returned after a thoroughly successful negotiation session with the emperor from the minor realm that invaded them, so even he managed to get the benefits.

Lex, who had already anticipated that touching the resin might not be so simple, was mentally prepared to accept any system prompts as soon as they came up. He was not able to act on it immediately, for he had been completely overwhelmed, but slowly and steadily his mind wormed through its constraints and accepted the prompt, not even reading it properly.

The resin that he was touching disappeared, and Lex fell to his knees, finally freed from its constraints. He trembled for he was still reeling from the experience.

It was fair to say that Lex had long been used to feeling various levels of excruciating pain. It just came with the territory of being an Innkeeper, he supposed. Those experiences, as terrible as they were, had prepared him for the hardships he would face on his journey. But what he had not been prepared for… was how awesome that had felt!

It might sound crass to say such a thing, but the reason his mind had blanked was because it felt like he was having an orgasm with his entire body! It was the most euphoric feeling he had ever felt, and even now that it was over, his body was still jittery just from the memory of it.

Lex tried to stand, but he just fell down because he couldn't control his body properly. He groaned, and was getting ready to try again when he realized that he was still kneeling, and hadn't moved at all. Yet at the same time, he had tried to get up, and had fallen.

Lex became even more confused when he realized he… he could see his own back. He tried to move his right hand, and yup, he saw it from two different angles.

The fact that it took Lex so long to figure out what was happening was a testament to just how severely impacted his mind was from the effects of the resin. He turned around, and saw the fairy, fallen over, looking at himself. That's when he realized he could see the world from his own eyes, as well as those of the fairies.

"What the hell?" Lex said, with both his bodies, which was extremely disorienting.

He closed his eyes, and realized he closed the fairy's left eye, and his own right eye. He was not used to having two sets of eyes yet.

At that point, Lex allowed himself to slump back into the hole he had excavated. Until his mind completely recovered, he was not ready to deal with whatever was happening. But just because he didn't want to deal with it did not mean he would stop feeling any sensation from his other body.

Despite his exhaustion telling him to give up, somehow, his fairy body was not exhausted at all. In fact, it was ready to jump up and run around. Well, part of that was because he was sitting awkwardly on his own wing.

He got up, flapped his wing so that it would move, and then sat back down.

"Thanks," Lex said to himself, for letting himself sit more comfortably.

"No problem," Lex responded.

Then the two bodies just sat there, staring at each other. That's when Lex realized that he either looked much bigger from a fairy's point of view, or his body had grown a little taller after touching the resin.

It only took a few minutes. Lex's mind recovered from the zenith of pleasure it had just experienced, and besides feeling a slight withdrawal, he returned to his normal self. At that point, it took him only a few seconds to completely get used to having two bodies.

He could control them both independently and with such precision, one would think Lex was born with two bodies.

Lex stood up using his fairy body and flapped his wings a few times, to get a sense for them. The wings were transparent and paper thin. Even though a fairy's body was small, one would have a hard time believing that such frail wings could help them fly.

Yet, strictly speaking, it was not the wings that allowed fairies to fly. As Lex flapped his wings, gold fairy dust dust began to appear, and allowed him to levitate. The faster he flapped his wings, the most dust would appear, allowing him to fly higher and farther. The wings, then, were just left to help him navigate while in the air.

Lex's instincts told him that there was more to the fairy dust than just allowing him to fly, but he had inherited no memories of the fairy whose body this used to be. As such, his understanding of fairies was extremely limited.

He allowed his fairy body to return to the ground, then sit back down. He wanted to see if his other body could also use the same cultivation technique.

For a few seconds nothing happened, but then the cultivation technique automatically delivered some information to Lex's mind, and began to run on its own. The reason for the delay was because the meridians in a fairy's body were different from that of a humans, and the layout was different as well. Therefore, the technique obviously would not run in the same way. But it was still usable!

He could tell that, physically speaking, his fairy body was even weaker than he was when he was at the Foundation realm, but it was growing quickly. It seemed the level of his original body was subtly influencing the fairy body, helping it grow faster.

Then Lex had to come to terms with the fact that… he just randomly gained a clone. This was not exactly what he had in mind when he wanted a clone. But no matter what, he had one now.

After the original shock of discovering he had a clone, if it could even be called that, was over, he began to consider how he could use it. There was nothing connecting the two bodies, but his soul was present in both of them. He could make them act independently from each other, and his mind was completely capable of running both bodies without ever being confused or overwhelmed by running two different bodies.

Lex almost immediately came up with countless ideas, but before he could make any decisions, he wanted to ensure one very critical piece of information. He wanted to see if he could access the system with his fairy body.

When he tried, the interface did not pop up. But he realized only a moment later that was because the system was undergoing repairs! It had successfully absorbed the resin!

That, at least, addressed one of his greatest concerns. What was amazing was that he had another system in his spatial bangle waiting for him to use to continue with his system repairs. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Lex felt a great burden lift off his shoulders. Now that he had confirmed how he was going to repair his system, he could plan out his next set of actions.

But the most immediate ones concerned figuring out whether his clone, or rather, his other body could use the system.

It would be ideal if it could not, and in fact, if it had no relation to the system whatsoever. Now that he had another body, he did not plan on telling anyone about it. This secret, second body would be perfect for him to set up a number of contingency plans he had been considering for a very long time.

To be on the safe side, he decided to not even bring the fairy back to the Inn for the time being.

But while he could not confirm whether or not it could use the system, there were other things he could test out. For example, if the distance between his two bodies was great, would that have any affect on his second body or not?

To test it out, Lex finally stood up and began to walk out the chamber, leaving his fairy body with the other fairies. Slowly, he walked back through the tunnel network towards the city up above.

But even when he reached the surface, there seemed to be no effect on his second body at all. Lex grinned, and tried teleporting away. This would be interesting.



Chapter 1047 Main characters have it tough

﻿﻿At first, Lex did not teleport too far away, he just doubled the distance. But there was no strain on his control over either body. Then he was a little more courageous and tried to teleport farther away. But no matter how he teleported, it made no difference.

It seemed that each body contained his soul, and as such, could be controlled by that bit of soul, no matter how far one body was from another.

Lex tested out his strength to see if gaining another body had somehow weakened him or his soul, but that did not seem to be the case.

Yet after a while, he could not help but find himself feeling confused. This was similar to the final moves of Inferno Blade, to a small extent. Over there, at least there was an explanation, though it did not make sense to Lex at all. But when he wondered how he could control both bodies, and maintain awareness of each body and its surroundings despite each being so far away from the other, he could not wrap his head around it.

They had to be connected somehow, right? The pieces of his soul had to be communicating with each other somehow, but even when he entered his soul state, he could not feel any connection.

He entered the soul plane, and as disorienting as that was, there was still nothing. For some reason, Lex just found it hard to wrap his head around the idea. It was like being connected to the internet without Wi-Fi or ethernet or mobile data.

Perhaps his inability to completely grasp such concepts was why Cassandra had suggested he hold off on becoming an immortal. Now that he felt much better about his chances of restoring his system, Lex didn't mind spending a little time to figure out how his abilities worked.

As it happened, Lex teleported over a city, so he decided to take a small break there. Besides, he wasn't about to return to the Inn until the fairies woke up, anyway. He planned to offer them an opportunity to come back to the Inn with him.

The sealed domain was also still undergoing changes, and though the energy storm had faded, mostly, it might not be the best idea to pass through its barrier at the moment.

Lex teleported to the city, and found that the situation wasn't the best. It wasn't like one of those projection requirement cities that had been filled with slaves who retaliated once the projections failed, but it wasn't exactly great.

Discrimination based on one's projection had become a part of their society. To these people, who had projections from the moment they were born, and had them for generations prior, the sudden failure of it felt like they had become crippled somehow. It was as if an integral organ had just stopped working.

Tensions were high, and even though the city guards were out in full force, it didn't help much when even the guards were concerned.

Lex ignored them and found himself a relatively nice tavern. Last time, he went to a really shady place and ended up encountering a completely random plot. But it was fine because he wanted to learn to act mysteriously back then. Right now, he just wanted a cool, nice drink to accompany him and his thoughts.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The building was nice, none of the furniture was torn or stained, and the owner looked well dressed, if a little stressed.

Lex put a gold coin on the counter and just sat down on the bar stool.

"Give me your best drink - uh, your best tasting drink."

The owner showed a restrained excitement at the sight of the coin, but only nodded. His years of experience let him know which customers were in a chatty mood and which ones weren't.

Lex began to think more about his clone, who was currently testing out the flexibility of his wings. There had to be something connecting them. Otherwise, he imagined that his fairy clone would still operate as him, but the two bodies would not have shared memories and awareness. So in a way, it would still be Lex, and act as Lex depending on the situation, but just could not share the information with his other body.

But, at least for now, that wasn't the case. He would continue to test if distance made a difference, and eventually he would even test being in different realms. If both the bodies continued to share information, that would be amazing.

Then he began to think about how exactly he got a clone. He had looked far and wide for a decent cloning technique, but none satisfied him. It was still to be seen if this clone, or this second body, could continue to grow stronger as well, and how useful it would be. But considering it could use the same cultivation technique as him, Lex wasn't worried at all.

The only thing he could think of was that he left a drop of his blood in the soul state in the corpse, and then touched the resin. That somehow must have fused his blood with the…

Lex froze. Did he just… did he just miss the opportunity to turn the massive dragon into his clone because it was already occupied now?

Loss!

Lex felt an immense and incalculable feeling of loss! He could have been a dragon! He could have…

No, that didn't make sense. What exactly happened when he touched the resin? Although it was tough to look back and recall anything other than the waves of pleasure that were crashing into him, it was not impossible.

He felt like maybe he had used his physique. So that was the key somehow.

"Brandon, empty out the place, I don't feel like sharing," said a very angry and aggressive looking man as he entered the tavern. His entire body was covered in blood, and he was reeking of a dangerous aura.

Lex sighed. A part of him knew he was destined to never actually get any peace. He looked at the man, then turned back to his drink.

The man clearly noticed Lex's dismissive mood and became triggered. He opened his mouth to yell, and that's when he felt a hand slapping his face. The next thing anybody knew, the man had disappeared, and there was a hole in the wall.

Lex dropped another gold coin on the counter.

"Sorry about that. This is for the damages."

Lex was beginning to understand why the main characters in novels couldn't be bothered to argue with every random person who bothered them. It was much easier to directly slap their faces, then to get into a verbal face slapping competition.



Chapter 1048 Embarrassing

﻿﻿There weren't many people in the tavern to begin with, but the few that were there were startled by the noise. Most of them hadn't noticed when the bloody man entered the place, so they were unsure of what exactly happened. But seeing as how the tavern owner was not worried, they calmed down and returned to their drinks.

None of them were really in the right frame of mind to worry about other things at the moment.

Lex returned to his thoughts about the clone. The activation of his physique might be the key, unless it was a freak accident that would require resin. If that were the case, if he could find another humanoid body in good condition, say a devil or an elf, he might be able to replicate the process. The question was, did he want to do that?

Since he was as yet unaware of any potential drawbacks having a clone may have, making more of them might not be the best idea.

That's when he realized that he said humanoid instead of human. Wasn't his physique only supposed to work on humans? Why did it work on a fairy?

But as if he were getting some feedback from his own body, he understood that it now affected all humanoids, and not just humans! This was a level beyond what Cassandra had told him!

If previously, he had to hide his body from powerful forces like the Jotun empire, now he would have to hide it from every humanoid force that existed! Why did it change? Did it have something to do with the resin?

Again, he just innately knew that this was what his physique had always been like.

If that was the case, he needed to figure out a good way to hide his physique from detection before he left the Midnight Inn.

"Pel, is there a way I can hide my physique from detection? Even from a higher level cultivator! In fact, that's the most important part."Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"There are many ways, but you will either need the help of a higher level cultivator to begin with, or a high level equipment or enchantment. I know no way you can hide it on your own."

He frowned. This could be problematic.

Lex was in the midst of his own musings, sipping the cold drink the tavern owner had given him, when the man Lex had slapped away came wobbling back in. He was disoriented, which was to be expected. Lex had slapped him right in the face, not killed him. Even so, it was impressive. At the same time, it promised more irritation for Lex.

"You… do you know who I am?" the man asked as he rested his body weight against the back of a chair.

Lex sighed. He supposed he just could not avoid the whole tedious exchange.

"No, I don't know who you are," Lex said in a bored tone. "But I'm sure you're going to enlighten me. So then tell me, is your father someone important? Or your family? You have some kind of scary background?"

The man seemed to get angered by Lex's nonchalance, but he kept himself from screaming, mostly because he was too dizzy to do it.

"This… this is my tavern! I own this place! You can't just throw a man out of his own place!" The man sounded more unresigned than anything, but his words startled Lex. He turned to look at the man he assumed had been the owner, and he gave Lex a nod while wearing an awkward smile, confirming it.

"Oh wow, that does make me feel bad," Lex said as he facepalmed. Before the man could say anything else, Lex shot a drop of his own blood into the man's body, suddenly prompting it to begin healing rapidly.

As it turned out, the blood covering his body was not his own, and beside the mild concussion Lex had given him, he was fine. So, with nothing else to fix, Lex's blood began to heal the old wounds in the man's body, and brought him to a new peak.

"In my defense, I'm too used to rude people coming in and picking a fight," Lex said, explaining himself to the man, who stood bewildered. Then he sighed and came and sat beside Lex.

"Never mind, it's just that kind of day I guess," he said as he grabbed a drink from who turned out to be just a really well- dressed bartender.

"I paid for the damages," Lex said, still feeling kind of bad. He made a mental note about acting mysterious - confirm the situation before making a move. Otherwise, he would just end up looking silly as well.

Little did Lex know that his small act of slapping the man away like a nuisance, then healing him beyond his wildest dreams, made him seem much more mysterious than anything he could have planned.

The man just grunted, accepting Lex's explanation.

Lex turned his attention back to his problem. Most likely, the best solution he could come up with was to ask the system for a quest that would reward him with a way to hide his physique. Although he didn't know if the system would be cooperative, at least it was on talking terms with him now. It might be worth a shot.

Meanwhile, if he could somehow determine that his clone had no drawbacks to himself, should he try to make another one? But if he did, Lex wanted a really cool one. Asking for a Celestial might be too much, but there had to be other powerful humanoid races with cool abilities.

Elves did not impress him so much, outside of their immortality. Devils could control demons, which was kind of cool, he supposed. Angels… well, he wasn't certain what was special about angels yet. There had to be more, right?

Lex had very high standards. The fact that he didn't even know if could continue to create clones was a separate matter entirely.



Chapter 1049 The Jolly Rancher

﻿﻿While baby Lex, pretending to have the body of an adult, was sitting and sipping some unknown drink with the tavern owner who he previously assaulted and then healed, fairy Lex was figuring out the dynamics of being a fairy.

His body was absolutely feeble, which was something that should be expected, but Lex really wasn't used to anymore. Running around, he felt like the guy experiencing his first day at the gym after years of being a couch potato. Suffice to say, his body was not cooperating with him.

The body also had instincts of its own that he wasn't used to yet. To say that fairies were more sensitive to spiritual energy than humans was an understatement. It was almost as if spiritual energy was in love with him. It constantly hovered all around him - it was the air beneath his wings and it was the literal sparkle in his eyes.

As ridiculous as it was, his fairy body had a greater capacity for spiritual energy than his original body. That was absolutely absurd because Lex barely ever ran short of spiritual energy. Only feats like literally ripping space apart would put a slight burden on his reserves, and that was before he became a Nascent soul cultivator.

The fairies' spirit sense was also much more refined. It was practically another limb, and it was so much easier to use as well. It responded as if by instinct.

Once he more or less figured out how to control his body, and keep his energy in check, Lex explored the city inhabited by the fairies. He had no intention of stealing from them, but if he could find a few books or techniques that were especially focused on fairies, that would be a great help.

He did find them, but there was a small issue. Fairies didn't really record things they considered common sense, and everything they needed to actually write down to remember was so esoteric, he had trouble understanding it. The worst part was, they were all baking recipes. None of them had anything to do with actual techniques.

At least now he knew how to bake a thirteen layer velvet cheesecake in the heart of a volcano. He just needed the glittery sprinkle of youthful excitement - whatever that meant.

He really wanted to avoid interacting with the fairies using the body of one of their former comrades. It would be incredibly… well, insincere was one way to put it. What if this dude had a wife, or kids? This is not how Lex wanted to start a family.

But the problem was, his body was telling him that while spiritual energy would continue to respond to him the way he was using it, that is not how fairies were meant to use spiritual energy.

In the end, Lex decided it would be too cruel if he were to reintegrate into their group. If he really became desperate to fit in, there were some fairies staying at the Midnight Inn who he could interact with, though oddly enough, Lex had never really interacted with any of them. It was probably the effect of the curse which kept him from paying attention to them.

With that said, Lex had also made an important decision. It would all come down to whether fairy Lex could use the system or not, but he really did not want any record of his fairy body at the Inn at all. So with his fairy body, he was going to explore the Midnight realm.

This body was much too weak at the moment to actually take on any dangerous missions, so instead, he would just act like a tourist. He would take in the sights, get as many interesting experiences as possible, and get to know the locals.

In the meantime, with his baby body, he would ask the fairies about how they used their spiritual energy. Regardless of which body was receiving instruction, fairy Lex would learn from it, so there was no reason why he had to ask fairies in person.

With his decision made, fairy Lex stood up and tried to teleport away. That's when he recalled that he didn't have spatial affinity with this body. Unexpectedly, however, the spiritual energy around him responded, and he managed to teleport away.

The teleportation was much rougher, and consumed more energy, but Lex also had more energy to give to begin with!

With the horizon out in front of him, and nothing really holding him back, Lex began to properly explore the sealed domain instead of just teleporting over vast sums of land.

The area around this city was thoroughly destroyed. There had been a forest there once, but it had been completely uprooted during the energy storm, leaving countless uprooted trees lying around.

At first, he was just going to fly over it, but then he had an idea. What was the point of flying over it? It wasn't like he had anywhere to go. Instead, he flew down and began examining the uprooted logs for the least damaged tree.

When he finally found one that was acceptable, Lex began to experiment with his spirit sense and spiritual energy. He lifted the tree and began shaving it down, turning it into a shape that he had imagined.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The process was not exactly easy, but he learned quickly enough, and soon the large tree was shaved down into one, fairy sized pirate ship. It lacked sails, which Lex would have to procure, but it didn't need sails. Lex flew to the helm, and began flapping his wings, allowing fairy dust to fall onto the ship.

Surprisingly, not only did it work, but the spiritual energy around him lifted the ship, as if helping Lex accomplish his whim. If Lex didn't know better, he would think that fairies had been given a gift instead of being cursed for how easy it was to control energy.

With a vessel under his command, Lex began his adventures in the sealed domain. As the ship flew away, the last of its outer hull was carved, and a name was engraved on the side. It was called the The Jolly Rancher.



