Chapter 970 Begin negotiations

Lex observed Mary for a moment as he considered his options. Considering the extremely high level of the Midnight Inn, even in its damaged state, and the fact that Mary was its previous host, he could conclude that she must have been extremely impressive. That was not even mentioning the fact that she had somehow done something to the system that even the system itself could not identify.

Thinking back, Mary's involvement in his growth had been monumental, and extremely limited at the same time. In the first few days of the Inn, Lex recalled that she had been somewhat frustrated at his decisions. But then, almost as if she went through a personality shift, she stopped expressing her own opinions, but only performed the tasks he asked of her, occasionally giving some advice now and again.

But her advice was always layered, and was presented in a way that allowed Lex to figure things out on his own. For example, the idea to look for loopholes in the system's rules was something she suggested. Lex imagined her like an adult watching a baby trying to solve a puzzle. The obvious mistakes must have been excruciating to watch.

She was also limited in what she could actually tell him due to the many, many restrictions the system put on her.

"Is there any way I can talk to her more freely?" Lex asked the system, rather than Mary herself. "Many things she cannot tell me because of the system's restrictions. But what if I'm only asking for advice?"

"Advice is strictly a gray area," the system answered nonchalantly. "Hosts are encouraged to make their own decisions, but many systems give varying degrees of hints. It's up to the system and the host. If you're asking for ways to reduce the restrictions on her, I cannot give you those. As I have no idea what she's done, I cannot risk giving her more freedom." T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"You can start by helping me get my own body," Mary said, with a tone of exhaustion. "To be clear, a body you help me make, and a body provided by the system for me will be very different in effect. It won't reduce the number of restrictions on me, but at least it'll prevent any more from appearing."

"Can you give me advice on certain things the way you are? Or can you reveal information about your past to me?"

Mary shook her head.

"Lex, there are many things I am not restricted from telling you. I can even give you advice, but the reason I stopped was because I thought you should grow on your own. If you become reliant on me, then that will stunt your own progress. If you don't grow, and end up losing the system, then there's no guarantee that I'll survive until the next host is found. As difficult as it is… I am also taking a risk by letting you face danger now, in hopes to help you avoid greater pitfalls later.

"As for the other questions you have, I've told you before as well. You need to at least reach Heavenly immortal realm before you can get those kinds of answers. Even that is only considering that you'll likely be more powerful than average Heavenly immortals, if you maintain the kind of growth you have right now.

"If you want to ask me about the systems, I cannot say much. I can, however, say that I've at least never heard of a rogue system that harmed its host. All systems exist to serve their hosts, so you have nothing to lose by fusing with it, or trusting it. But if you want to avoid fusion, then at least stop being so skeptical about it. You might not like hearing this, but if the system harbored any malicious intent towards you, you would have no way to resist. With the scope of power the Midnight Inn system has, it could even erase your skepticism directly from your mind, and brainwash you, and you'd never realize it. But it won't, and it can't."

This time, it was Lex who let out an exhausted sigh. That was one of his greatest concerns, that the system was so much more powerful than him that he could not resist it at all if it wanted to harm him. A random quest in the early days had threatened him with death. Maybe if that hadn't happened Lex would not be so distrusting of it, but it had, and there was nothing he could do about it.

But he did not have the time to dwell on such things. He could feel that his breakthrough was about to enter its next phase soon, and he'd no longer be able to spare any attention to negotiating with the system, so he had to use his time wisely.

Looking back at the glowing golden ball of light, Lex went over his priorities for the development of the Inn. With his thoughts cleared out, he began listing his demands.

"I plan on using a Lockdown token anyway, but since I don't know how long that can last we'll start with that. I want to limit what areas can access the Inn. It cannot be open to the whole universe anymore. In fact, even within certain realms I want to start limiting it to a few weak planets or regions. I have to stop the Inn from getting involved in any more universe level threats. It would be best if I can choose what places the Inn is open to or not. That way I can continue sending all the Inn's workers to get trained at the temple.

"Speaking of which, how secure is the Midnight Realm? Can it be easily found by others? Because I've been hearing a lot about realm wars recently, and I absolutely do not want to get involved in something like that any time soon!

"Speaking of security, why are you so adamant on not giving me anything to defend myself with? For all the amazing features you claim to give me, hardly any serve to protect me. If it weren't for the ability to hire security for events, the Inn would have been destroyed multiple times already!"



Chapter 971 Can’t promise

Lex listed a few of his ideas out to the system to see how it reacted. He had many more items on the list, but he needed to go priority wise. For example, he was also curious as to how exactly the Inn ensured any external worker he hired would stay loyal?

Even if he didn't count the fact that Zagan could wake up at any moment and possibly resume its monster lifestyle, he expected in the future he would get the opportunity to hire many talented workers, not all of whom can be replaced by the workers that Lex hires through the system.

He still had a bounty on the head of that Kraven who attacked the Midnight tavern, and whoever killed him would on doubt be extremely powerful as well as ambitious. Lex had no problem with his workers being ambitious so long as they didn't turn it against the Inn.

The system did not respond immediately. It glowed and hummed and buzzed, no doubt processing his request and trying to figure out the best possible outcome.

"Whether through the lockdown, or by any other means, the Inn cannot stop accepting new guests for too long. So a complete shutdown is out of the question, though for a certain amount of time it should be fine.

"Controlling where the Inn is accessible from… that's a pretty advanced feature that requires a lot of authority. Since you're not even fusing with me then… the best I can do is offer it as a reward for a quest. But the quest difficulty will be high, and it will require a high rating as well. Even then, it won't be exactly as you wish. There is no way you can control the cultivation level of the guests you receive, but you can limit access to the Inn to planets that have been linked to the system already, maybe. It depends on your performance.

"Moving onto matters of security. I would like to tell you that the Midnight realm is completely safe and secure, but unfortunately I cannot do that. The previous location of the Inn was completely hidden because of its small size. The new Midnight Realm will most likely be a massive strain on me. Chances are high that your Innkeeper authority won't even extend to the entire realm.

"There are many operations that I will have to prioritize, and keeping the Inn hidden is one of them. But I cannot promise anything. In fact, you will most likely be getting a number of quests related to ensuring or contributing to the Inns safety. In summation, the severity of the situation can only be determined once the realm has been fully established, but you should expect to have to put in some work.

"As far as the matter of security is concerned, I already gave you the Butter knife. I am an Inn based system, not a weapons manufacturer. Giving you powerful weapons is not a part of my prerogative."

"The Butter knife only works on cultivators I can already defeat! Not to mention, do you know how hard it is to upgrade that thing? I literally have access to a shop that sells almost anything available on the market, and I still cannot find the items needed to upgrade the Butter knife!"

"It's a weapon that lets you perform one hit kills. How can it be easy to upgrade? There's no point in arguing with me about this. There's nothing I can do for you. The only advice I can offer you is to grow your authority quickly to get access to new features that may help you out." Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Alright, well, if you can't do that, then what about the security room? It's supposed to be able to detect anyone with any malicious intent towards the Inn, but it hardly works on anyone strong enough to actually cause the Inn harm."

"As far as I can tell, it's working fine," the system responded, with a hint of exasperation in its voice. "Give me a break, okay. I am literally broken. If you have such a big issue with my performance then maybe you should've helped repair me instead of fixing your cultivation technique!"

Lex was stunned. The system suddenly went from kindly explaining everything to almost sounding offended! If Lex didn't know better, he would say that he hurt the system's feelings. So apparently pointing out performance flaws is a big no. It was strange to know his system had insecurities.

"But that was my quest reward! If you want to fix yourself, why don't you just summon more Protos energy and use it on yourself? You're the one who gave it to me to begin with."

"That's not how this works," the system responded sullenly.

Lex suddenly felt awkward. The system was clearly in a bad mood, but Lex's time was limited so he couldn't stop with his requests. Should he just… just move on.

"If it's any consolation, I've been doing my best to get you other systems to absorb."

"I don't need your consolation," the system responded, though its sunnier voice told a different story. "Move on. What else do you want? If there's nothing left, I have the development of a realm to oversee."

"There are still a couple of things. I want to know how you can ensure that new workers obey the Inn's rules. Is there some kind of punishment? If not, how can I ensure they won't turn against me?"

There were plenty of ways to make sure workers, such as Zagan, stay loyal. Lex himself preferred to let everyone be afraid of his Dao Lord realm. But fear as a deterrent only worked on those with something to lose, or someone who was sane. He needed some kind of restriction from the system that would help.

"When someone joins the Inn, they will feel more amenable to it. But that's the extent of what I can do. I've already given you great leeway with the workers you can hire."



Chapter 972 Precautions

"Feel more… amenable?" Lex repeated. That was… disappointing to say the least. But since when have things been easy for Lex?

"Instead of such random things, you should focus more on ways to actually run the Inn. Those are the things I can actually help with," the system said. "Also, don't forget that for every request you make, you ultimately have to pay a price."

This gave Lex pause. He had more requests to make, though their priority was down the list. Unfortunately, all the requests that he had that were related to how the Inn was actually run were much less important than the other requests he had.

"Let me ask you a question. How come you're responding to me right now, and have never done so before? Does this mean you will respond to me in the future as well? If the situation about this new realm is uncertain, I might want to make some changes accordingly."

"I can't. This is a unique situation because of all the potent energy inside the realm that I can use. Even then, the only reason I am able to do so is because I want to burn off as much of the energy in this realm as possible to prevent it from becoming too big! Under normal circumstances, if you want to talk to me, then you need to bring my functionality back to at least 50%."

Lex paused. Did he have to think of precautionary measures beforehand? He glanced at Mary for a moment.

"Will there be any dangers for me and the Inn in the new realm? I've heard that when a new realm is made, some very powerful beings are born."

"I cannot say for certain how things will develop. All relevant information will be given to you in the form of notifications in case there are any latent dangers. I will do my best to ensure all new lifeforms born in the realm are automatically realm workers. But you have to realize that my functionality is broken, and the new realm is likely going to be very large, and it will only continue to grow."

Between the unknown dangers he would have to anticipate, and the ones he already knew of, Lex decided to focus on the ones he already knew of for the moment.

"Some time ago, I ran into a group that was hunting system users. They could somehow detect other systems, but I got the sense that they couldn't detect the Midnight Inn as a system. Against other system users, and those from such groups, how safe are you? Can someone tell easily that you are a system?"

This was one of his concerns. Although he understood that there was some entity capable of erasing the memories of others if they found out about systems, what if he encountered an Immortal who had a system? Would he be in danger?

"Systems are, inherently, weak against other systems. There's nothing that can be done about that. But even so, there is a hierarchy among systems as well. The Midnight Inn is a very high level system, so it is not easy for it to be detected by others. It would require at least an A rank system, or maybe even S rank system, to detect the Midnight Inn. But due to my broken state, I cannot confirm what exactly that level is."

"What if it's not a system, but a Host. For example, I frequently go to a place called the Infinity Emporium. Based on the way it works, I am almost certain that it is also a system, and a high level one at that. In the same way, if the Host for the Emporium, or some other system comes to the Inn, can't they tell whether the Inn is a system?"

The system did not immediately respond. It only hummed for a moment, as if considering its answer. But, eventually, it said, "I will let Mary provide an answer for that."

Surprised, Lex looked at Mary. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"At lower levels, you may think that everything mystical or magical comes from systems. But at higher levels you will realize that… the systems are not all powerful, otherwise the universe itself would have long been ruled by system users. You may suspect that the Emporium is a system, but that is because you are yourself quite weak. When you see something that is beyond the scope of your understanding, you automatically attribute it to a system. But when you touch upon laws, you will realize that some beings are much more powerful than you realize. Cornelius, the King of the Hum empire in the Crystal realm, is a good example of that?"

"Cornelius? But isn't he just in the Earth Immortal realm?" Lex was genuinely surprised that, of everyone he'd met, Mary listed him as an example. After all, Cassandra and Jotun were Celestial immortals, and much more powerful than Cornelius.

"Yes, he is just an Earth Immortal, in the way that you are justin the Golden core realm. The point is, the Midnight Inn is well hidden from other system users and weaker systems. Based on the power scale that the Innkeeper has shown himself to be a part of, even if someone suspects that the Inn is a part of a system, they will have to be much more powerful to test you out. In that case, if you really end up facing someone with a system of strength that high, you won't be able to protect yourself anyway. So you need not worry."

That was reassuring, somewhat. So either Lex would not have any issues, or face an issue so massive that he could not avoid it. It would be best if he could… Wait, that was so obvious! He should have asked for that first!

"Can I get another one of those full strength Butter Knife tokens?" Lex asked. If he could get his hands on those, then a lot of his troubles would automatically go away…



Chapter 973 Finally

﻿﻿The system glowed, but not in the previous ways, where it seemed to be thinking. The glow was a lot more intense, yet short.

"If you think I have all quest rewards lying around somewhere, that's not how it works! If you want something like that, you have to get them through quests. Quest rewards that focus on unlocking features of the Inn, I can influence. But if the quest reward has to do with other, external items, then I have no control over that. You should just do more quests. As I recall, you still have five active quests!"

The system sounded embarrassed and angry. Lex had once again, unwittingly, stepped on its toes, as it were.

As for his active quests, they were beyond his current means. His oldest quest, to establish a permanent resident district, could not be done even if he wanted to because its most basic of three requirements was to raise the Inn to 3 stars, and it was still 2.5 stars. Perhaps the new realm might affect that, but that would still leave him without a Winding Road Vine and a Karmic Lily, both incredibly rare treasures. Even the Infinity Emporium did not have them.

Then there was a quest to connect to Dunya, a 5 star world! With all the trouble he was getting into with lower star worlds, he still did not dare to connect to it.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

He had no interest in having a Henali assembly at the Inn anytime soon, he had no control over when a Deity would come to the Inn as a guest, and he was already doing his best to speed up the recovery of the system. That left him with a bunch of quests he could not complete, at least for now.

Lex sighed, and said, "can you at least make the soul hearth a permanent part of the Inn? I also need a dungeon where I can keep prisoners and prevent them from escaping. Both of these are important."

Since he could not directly fight off against enemies, he would have to lean into the deterrent factor. Although he could fill the heart and keep it running with MP, it was too expensive to keep it going long term.

"I'll give you a few quests with related rewards," the system said succinctly.

Lex struggled at this point. Should he ask for more features? He had plenty of ideas that would help, but was it worth the potential cost? He had no idea how much just these few additions, which he would have to work for as is, would cost him.

"In case the Inn cannot go without accepting new guests, I have an idea that might resolve the situation. It involves the tavern…"

Lex explained his idea. Although he was not sure why just accepting new guests at the tavern as it was not acceptable for the system, he would make do with what he had. As of right now, the tavern had been shut down since the attack on it. He had brought all his workers and their families to the Inn, and never brought them back.

Even if the tavern stayed shut perpetually, it made no difference to him personally. But if he could use it as a loophole to the system's rules, then he certainly would.

Once he was done explaining, the system did not immediately harp about how it was impossible, which was a good sign. Probably.

Eventually, all the system said was, "I'll try to make it work. We'll see how things turn out. Anything else?"

"Yes, I have many requests, but I'm afraid I might not be able to afford them, so I'll have to stop here."

"Suit yourself. If possible, try to speed up my recovery as much as possible. The more I recover my functionality, the safer you'll be. It's not just absorbing other systems that will help me heal. Certain rare items, if absorbed, can also help me grow. A few such items might be born in the new realm. I'll give you a notification if you come into contact with such an item, but I can't specifically point them out to you, so stay vigilant."

"I'll keep an eye out," said Lex.

Their conversation seemed to end, but the orb did not return to its original spot. Lex waited. After all, even if they had an agreement, he would not totally drop his guard. It wasn't as if he could stop the system if it really wished to fuse with him during the breakthrough. Rather, it was more of a psychological thing.

The system continued to hum and vibrate for a whole minute, its glow rising and dropping as if it was breathing. Ultimately, the glow stabilized, and the system started to speak once more.

"Before I leave, you should know that the system bias is not for no reason. Beings lower on the Cosmic Spectrum usually perform worse off. Your performance has been an outlier, not a norm. So continue to do a good job, and continue to raise your level. I look forward to working with you."

Like a shy kid, running off stage after giving a speech, the system returned to its old place within Lex's soul, and settled down as it turned its attention away. Outside, the realm continued to change, and the system had to maintain control of it. After all, it was keeping all the guests, workers, and Inn property in a separate realm outside the new Midnight realm so that they would not be affected by the timeline of the new realm.

It was not easy, and required a lot of control.

Lex turned to look at Mary once more. She looked relieved, somehow.

"Did you think that was going to go worse than it did?" Lex asked.

"I did not know how the system would react to your demands, and how you would react to the information it provided. The potential for a catastrophe was high. But, ultimately, I think the system was impressed by your performance so far. After all, it is not so easy to get such a high rating on quests, regardless of one's cultivation level."

"There's still a lot left unsaid," Lex repeated, as if clarifying that he was not perfectly satisfied with the result. "But this is acceptable, for now. I will stop treating the system with such suspicion, unless it does something else that makes me wary."

"Good luck," Mary said, before disappearing.

Lex closed his eyes. It was time to continue his breakthrough. Finally, he was entering the Nascent realm.



Chapter 974 Straight out of legends

﻿﻿Under Lex's current circumstances, time was difficult to measure. He personally felt like only seconds were passing, but on the ground below him thousands of years were going by. The great expanse that Lex had seen as one single landform eventually broke into three.

Between the three landforms was a sea, but the liquid that filled the sea was not water. The unknown liquid changed colors according to its movement, from silver when it was calm to dark blue when it rose into waves. In between, those two states a myriad of other colors filled it, always moving and changing like a perpetually evolving canvas.

If Lex would have observed the sea, he would have been amazed at how the changing colors seemed to replicate pictures of galaxies he had seen back on Earth. The movement of the water, the change in the colors, all seemed to coincide with the movement of multiple galaxies as they moved through space.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Countless years passed and the realms began to slowly stabilize, and the perpetual changes seemed to be reducing as well. The three land masses also stopped moving apart from one another, as if they had reached some kind of equilibrium.

Trillions of tiny islands formed around the three landmasses, but never too far from the safety of its shores as the cosmic waters were too perilous, with storms and currents too strong, to allow small islands to exist on their own.

Cassandra, who too was forced to enter a meditative state due to the purity of the energy she absorbed, sensed something. She could not help but open her eyes, and when she looked down at the three land masses her body trembled.

"The three realms! The Heaven, Nether and Mortal realms!"

Suddenly she closed her eyes, not daring to look further. She sensed that she had seen something she absolutely should not have. Perhaps that was why the Innkeeper allowed her to access some of the realm energy. It was a subtle way to inform her she needed to stop observing. She could only hope she was not punished for prying.

But the noble and esteemed 'Innkeeper' was right beside her, and had no idea at all what was happening. As the seasons changed, years passed, and the realm took shape, he was busy cultivating.

After, quite possibly, millions of years had passed underneath him, Lex's entire body had finally been nourished by energy, initiating the change. Initiating the change was the fast part. Now, for his entire being to evolve, it would take a long time. Even if the flow of time were not absolutely absurd, during this breakthrough, Lex would have had his first experience in the long durations of closed door cultivation that higher ranked cultivators experience.

To Lex, nothing else happened. The Nascent soul realm was the realm that prepared the soul of the cultivator to get in touch with laws at higher realms. Although Lex technically skipped that step, strengthening his soul was a very important step. That is exactly why this realm involved nothing else other than strengthening the soul.

Any time Lex would absorb cultivation energy in the future, it would be aimed at strengthening his soul, not his body. After all, his Golden core, which was his energy reserve, had already reached a sufficiently high enough level.

But having a stronger soul had immense benefits, which is why Nascent soul cultivators were so much stronger than the Golden core cultivators, despite theoretically having similar levels of spiritual energy in their bodies.

After a long time, another change finally happened. Cassandra hesitantly opened her eyes, and saw that the three land masses had evolved further. Each of them had a slight hue in their aura, despite the fact that the developments of the lands seemed more or less the same.

The largest land mass, or continent, had a gray colored aura, the middle one had a colorless one and the smallest was golden.

But those colors had no other effect on the development of the continents, at least for now. The first signs of life were beginning to become actually visible. Each of the continents was growing some kind of plant life. Some of it looked the same on all continents, while some was more distinct. But that could be attributed to the unique geography of each continent, as well as their climates.

Massive lakes of lava covered one area of one continent, while massive glaciers that rose into the sky could cover the other side. Mountains of pure spirit crystals rose into the skies, and vitality rich elixirs rained from clouds filled with a platinum glow.

Yet somehow, in this chaos, life was finding a way to survive, but only in the form of extremely resilient plants, for now.

More time passed, and eventually there came a time when Cassandra noticed something. The rate of time flow in the continents below them had, for the very first time, slowed down just a bit. If previously a second was one thousand years, then now it was nine hundred and ninety nine years.

The isolation barrier around everyone thinned once more, and another stream of energy came flooding in. This time, Cassandra did not dare to peek.

As it happened, the moment she closed her eyes, for the first time. A snake was born on the middle continent, its massive size dwarfing the crystal mountains. As if testing itself, the snake slithered the continent for a time, its body sprawling across the entire continent itself, before finding a spot to settle down, and enter hibernation.

Its body formed artificial features across the continent, influencing the climate and altering the development of content itself. Eventually, its body was covered in dust and dirt and earth, forming a series of hills that traveled the entire continent in a meandering path.

Moments later, on the smallest continent, a tree was born. This was the first actual tree in the entire realm, and as the days went by it grew and grew without pause, as if it did not know when to stop. Eventually, its canopy covered nearly half the continent, giving it perpetual shade, and forming a mini-climate underneath it, separated from that of the rest of the continent.

Then, on the third and largest continent, an eight legged horse opened its eyes.



Chapter 975 Final change

Lex, of course, knew none of this. He had completely lost himself in his cultivation. There came a point in which he was undergoing the change where his mind became numb and he lost all awareness. His sense of time, of self, of anything and everything was lost.

This was the most dangerous part of his cultivation, and was the reason why cultivators completely isolate themselves before they undergo any cultivation or breakthroughs, major or minor. Right now, he was completely vulnerable, with no possible way to protect himself at all.

The extreme danger of this state was one of the primary reasons why humans on Earth were not able to break through to this realm despite having thousands of Golden core cultivators. Only very extreme or unique circumstances would create the situation that allowed this to happen.

But ironically, despite being surrounded by countless people and hanging over a changing landscape, Lex was much safer right now than if he took any precautions of his own. The isolation barrier could protect him, even from the dangers of a newborn realm, let alone anything else. An enemy would have to be incredibly strong to even harm him in this state.

Eventually, as a result of Lex's hard work and preparation, he passed this period without any issue.

When his sense of self returned, reality felt different. It took him some time to adjust. It was like before this he was looking at a video in 240 pixel resolution, with the sound incredibly muffled, and every other sense of his being suppressed.

But now, he was looking at reality with… the clarity was beyond any comparison Lex could make. Let alone 4K or 8K screens, even 100K would not be enough to describe what he was seeing. Even though he was surrounded by silence, due to the isolation barrier, even that sounded amazing.

The feeling?of just the air touching his skin was so incredibly smooth, so the texture of his clothes was in another realm entirely. Lex suddenly had a deeper appreciation for why the Inn had a tailor. Higher-level cultivators would feel a thousand times worse than a normal person if their clothes were coarse, or made from uncomfortable fabrics.

All his senses were so powerful that, despite Lex's once again increased mental capacity, he was overwhelmed by the initial exposure. It took him a few seconds to get over the sheer amount of detail that was being flooded into his mind, and make sense of them.

It wasn't because his brain was not equipped to handle such a vast amount of information - it was just that he wasn't used to it. It was like a strong man picking up a weapon or tool they weren't used to. Although physically they could handle it, that did not mean that they could effortlessly start deploying it.

Then Lex looked beyond himself and discovered that he was still floating up in the air. But the situation around him was drastically different. The land mass beneath him had split into three, but despite his increased senses, Lex could not view them due to the dense platinum clouds that covered the skies. He still could only see the smallest continent, which had the massive tree in the center.

But despite not being able to see most of the new realm with his own eyes, he could feel?that it had stopped growing. In fact, the borders of the realm were subtly decreasing as its core became more and more stable and formed a cohesive environment.

The flow of time below him had reduced drastically, but it was still incredibly fast. Or perhaps it just felt incredibly fast because now there were finally countless living beings trailing the continent.

The sight was phenomenal, because at this distance he could not see individual animals or beasts, or whatever they were. Instead, he only saw the major changes they were making to their environments.

He saw settlements being made along rivers and lakes, and then vanishing in a matter of seconds - seconds for him at least. He saw sudden, massive changes to the topography in certain areas, which he could only assume was the result of battles between high-level creatures.

He saw monuments being erected, and then monuments falling. One time, a particular statue of a strange race that looked like birds was carved into a mountain. But over time, the climate changed, and the mountain was covered in snow, hiding what had once been carved.

It was both intriguing and concerning. Intriguing because he could see civilisations evolving right before his very eyes, and concerning because he did not know how he was supposed to manage all of them when the Inn came into place.

A few hours later, the very thing he was fearing came to be. Empires started to form, and then they went to war. From up above, he could not tell if the conflicts were between different races or the same ones. But the evidence of conflicts was quite clear.

Lex looked around and discovered that, surprisingly, a few others were also awake and observing the chances. He already expected it from Cassandra. After all, observing this was the very reason she came here. The Sovereign turtle, which had also previously entered a meditative state, had also woken up. Again, not a surprise.

But the fact that Z was awake, and seemingly from even before Lex, was very surprising. Only two other humans were awake, one of whom was Marlo, and the other Lex did not know. It was quite surprising that Marlo had stayed in the Inn for so long, considering he still considered himself a King even after evacuating earth and probably had many people to lead. But Lex had not caught up with him recently, so he did not know the details.

A few devils were awake as well. But it was the beasts who were awake in the largest numbers. Lex recognized many of them as guests from Nibiru, but once again, he had not personally interacted with them long enough to know their details.

Lex turned his attention back to the ground. His breakthrough was complete, and he would look into all his changes at a later time. For now, he had to focus entirely on the realm, because depending on how the situation developed, he would need to face a possibly hostile environment from the get go.

If there was one plus point, it was that new realms usually did not have a tolerance for very high cultivation levels. So, most likely, he would just have to deal with Mythical beings and descendants of Mythical beings who were constrained to whatever the realm limit of this new realm was.

He was not concerned about his guests not being able to survive, because he knew that the system would find a way for guests to exist without issue, much in the way it previously protected all other guests from the passive aura of high-level cultivators. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

As the hours rolled by, Lex could tell that time was slowing down considerably now. The expansion and collapse of empires had also stopped, as a balance was eventually formed. How delicate that balance was, he would have to find out for himself later on. But the strongest entities lived closest to the massive tree, at least that much was clear.

Lex wondered how large the tree actually was. If this were placed on Earth, it would easily exit the atmosphere, and that was not even considering if the Earth was large enough to hold the tree. For now, Lex still could not accurately scale how large or small the continent and everything that inhabited it was.

The isolation barrier around them suddenly thinned once again, allowing a stream of energy to reach them. Coincidentally, or perhaps not, a massive storm covered the entire realm at the same time. The clouds, which had turned black, covered everything so that the continent was not visible at all from their angle.

Everyone, Lex included, entered another round of cultivation. But there was a sense of anticipation in the air. Lex could feel it, and so could everyone else. The realm was undergoing another change, and he had a strong feeling that this would be the last change before they finally descended.

Anticipation gripped Lex, before he was suddenly and completely taken aback by what was happening to him. His attention was completely focused solely on himself for a brief moment. His cultivation was rising rapidly! In fact, this growth was the fastest he ever experienced, drawing even the time in the Crystal realm where he ate the Blue Crystal Essence and reached the peak of the Foundation realm!

He could feel his soul becoming more… more solid, before he felt a small crack in his body. He just entered the middle of the Nascent realm! The energy he absorbed from the realm was pure, but it wasn't as if Lex hadn't had pure energy before. No, the main difference was that it contained a tremendous amount of vitality that was boosting his cultivation forcefully!

Lex immediately took control of the energy pushing his cultivation and began using his cultivation technique. Such a quick advancement was not necessarily for the best. He had to make sure he was on the path of stable growth.

Finally, after a few seconds, his growth stopped right before he reached the late stage of the Nascent realm, and the energy began nourishing him in other ways under the influence of his technique.

Information flooded his mind of the abilities he had gained.



Chapter 976 Emergency quest

Originally Lex wanted to ignore delving into his new abilities since he wanted to focus on the realm instead. But the unexpected rise in his cultivation realm forced him to pay attention to the changes.

The first and most basic change was that with his increased soul strength, the amount of strength he could display while using the same amount of spiritual energy increased exponentially. This was a straightforward increase with no hidden complexities.

But, as a result of this increase, Lex could finally do something pretty cool. He had not felt the lack of this particular ability just because of how he was nearly omnipotent within the Inn, and had other means outside of it such as teleportation.

Regardless, now he could use his spirit sense to fly!

There were a couple of ways of going about it, which he would have to experiment with to see which yielded better results. Not to mention, he had already prepared a whole host of manuals and techniques for himself for the Nascent realm from the emporium. He could also consult them for advice.

Basically, the two ways of flying he could think of right now either depended on ambient spirit energy or the ground. He could use his spirit sense to push himself off the ground, and fly around. As long as his spirit sense was touching the ground, he could control himself relative to it.

The second way was to use spiritual energy and sort of latch on?to the spirit energy in the air around him, and use that to fly.

This was cool, and Lex would definitely recreate any number of superhero poses with it later in his free time. But for now, he could not dwell on it as more information entered his mind.

The spirit energy Lex absorbed from the air would undergo a change and would develop according to Lex's own unique mix of affinities, making his energy distinctive. Once it could have been called Regal affinity, but as of right now, it had no name as Lex had to name it himself.

The important part of that was that previously, through the use of Impervious Hands, Lex could touch?any number of intangible things. While he still would have to rely on the technique for other things, Lex had gained the ability to interact with laws on his own. That interaction could be through spiritual manipulation or through physical touch.

Technically speaking, his influence over laws was still premature, since that was something would gain proper mastery over when he became an Immortal. But for now, he could at least interact with it.

The next ability he gained was to enter into a soul state. This was pretty much expected, but what he did not expect was to gain the ability to enter the soul plane directly in his soul state! In hindsight, it should have been obvious, but he had not considered it. This presented numerous opportunities for Lex.

After all, back when he was traveling to save the battalion, due to unstable space he had not been able to teleport over directly. Instead, he traveled through the soul plane using a treasure he got from the emporium. Now, that was something he would be able to do on his own without the need for external aid.

Another quite predictable ability he gained was to directly influence the souls of other beings. Whether it was through his attacks, physical touch or even his aura, he could not use any and all of them to directly influence the souls of any living thing. At the same time he could do the reverse with soul based techniques, such as Evisceration. Instead of harming his target's soul, it could now directly harm their physique.

This was not something all Nascent soul cultivators got, but was specific to him due to soul state ability.

He was, at the same time, much more sensitive to items within his soul. For example, he could feel the presence of the system, as well as the sword projection in his soul at all times. He could also feel how unstable the sword projection really was.

This was a latent danger he needed to address quickly before something went wrong.

Finally, one last ability Lex gained, that he strongly suspected had a lot to do with the latest influx of spiritual energy from the new realm, was having his blood turn into some kind of elixir. It contained boundless vitality, so much so that it increased his healing many fold. But, even beyond that, his blood could heal others as well! Even more bizarre was how his blood could be subject to his soulstate as well.

Basically, if used in its normal form Lex could use his own blood to heal others physical injuries. But if he took out his blood and then applied soulstate to it before giving it to someone, it could heal their souls!

Theoretically, this was a very useful ability to have. He could heal his allies, and even heal the infamously difficult soul injuries. But giving out his own blood… felt strange. It would have been a lot easier if his spiritual energy gained a healing trait or something along those lines.

These were the main new abilities he got, alongside the usual ones such as being faster, stronger, with a quicker mind and an increased capacity for comprehending the abstract.

He always found it interesting that raising cultivation levels increased his mental capabilities without ever making him smarter directly. Perhaps increasing one's intellect was even more difficult than cultivating.

Once the influx of information finally ended, Lex could finally just focus on absorbing the energy as much as possible so that he could return his attention back to the realm. His connection to the system was once again strengthening, which meant that soon he would regain control of the system and its features.

One thing that disappointed Lex about his breakthrough was the fact that his body remained that of a babies. He was hoping that the sudden increase in cultivation realm would somehow return him to how he was, but no such thing happened.

In fact, he could feel that due to the immense vitality coursing through his body, his aging had been slowed down considerably. At any other time he might have enjoyed this, but he did not want to spend the next decade stuck as a baby. But, at least for now, there was not much he could do.

Eventually, he managed to absorb all the energy without further raising his cultivation level. With great anticipation, he opened his eyes and once again looked at the realm below him.

By now, the flow of time had reduced considerably, and only passed at about a hundred years per second.

The continent had undergone massive changes, and it seemed like signs of previous civilizations were once again removed. Instead, nature had reclaimed the continent, and the few living races were once again brought to basic settlements without signs of progress.

Even the massive tree seemed to have suffered under the latest storm, with its aura greatly withdrawn, though its body remained unharmed.

But such a state did not last long. After destruction came rebirth, and new powers once again started to rise. Lex, for the first time, saw signs of humanoid races, though he could not say for certain that they were human.

They repeated a similar cycle, of expanding outwards before developing inwards. Monuments began to rise, pyramids were built, the power of nature was harnessed, and finally, when two growing empires met, borders were drawn.

But before Lex could witness yet another war between major powers, the flow of time started to slow down rapidly.

Lex's connection to the system also strengthened rapidly until, finally, he heard a sound all too familiar.

New Notification: Midnight Realm has stabilized. The Midnight Inn is ready to once again become operational.

New Notification: ErRoR! Erro..&92**

New Notification: Emergency protocols initiating! Issuing emergency quest!

Emergency Quest: System failure detected! Immediately restore the system to minimum 35% functionality before permanent system shutdown!

Quest time limit: 399 days! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Quest reward: Return of normal system functionality!

Quest failure: Permanent system failure! Permanent Loss of all Midnight Inn services and features!

Remarks: Due to massive operational load, the system cannot function. Many integral system features are inoperational.

New Notification: Due to severe overload, teleportation functions are inoperable.

New Notification: Due to severe overload, Chamber of Secrets, Fire tempering room, Fishing well, Greenhouse, Guild room, Hot tub room, Inheritance lounge, Lightning tempering room, Meditation room, Mystery trial, Recovery rooms(including pods and organic reconstruction rooms), Security room, Training room and other Inn services are inoperable.

New Notification: Due to severe overload, Host Attire will stop working in 10 days.

New Notification: Energy reserve for basic functioning of system services has been allocated. The operational size of the Midnight Inn will be 1 million acres! Please select the location for the deployment of the Midnight Inn.



Chapter 977 Big

Lex carefully read through the notifications. He remained composed throughout for he was already mentally prepared to face some issues with this relocation. The shutdown of the teleportation feature would be, by far, the most problematic since it would prevent any of the guests who wanted to leave from departing. Forcing them to stay here for hundreds of days was not good for the Inn's image. But that was the least of his concerns at the moment.

In front of him, a panel appeared with a map of the entire realm. The discovery of the fact that there were continents like the one below him, with the other two being even larger, left him both amazed and concerned.

On the map, the size of the entire realm was detonated as 0.25 lightyears. That included the cosmic sea that surrounded the continents as well, but still that was massive.

He did not think about that for now. Although there were two other continents, Lex did not know what the situation on them was. At least he had seen the progress for the one below him with his own eyes and had an overall understanding of its development and history, as well as its climate and topography.

He dismissed the other two continents and focused on the one below him. If, perhaps, he was not on such a tight deadline, he may have thoroughly explored his options, and even considered the other two. This was because the map was extremely detailed and could provide any kind of information Lex needed.

But as it was, just searching through this continent was going to be a hassle. This was because, according to the map, the size of this continent was eight one quadrillion acres. That was 81,000,000,000,000,000 acres.

For all intents and purposes, Lex did not even try to visualize how massive that was as he simply labeled it as 'big'. That was enough. It was so monstrously massive that he probably would not even be able to explore it in a million years if he had to as he was right now. There was no point in calculating how many football stadiums or washing machines that was equivalent to. It was simply big.

On the map, he highlighted areas where there was any kind of county, kingdom, empire, or basically any kind of civilization. Countless dots appeared, but compared to the size of the continent, they were miniscule.

He would avoid all such areas for the development of the Inn. Then he chose to highlight areas rich in resources, with plenty of land, water and open terrain.

He also chose to ignore any area close to the tree. Although the tree was no doubt a massive attraction, and could probably offer countless benefits, it harbored too many races nearby, who were very protective of it.

Since he had no idea how the inhabitants of the land would react to the Inn, he had to avoid them for now even if it meant forsaking an excellent spot for the Inn.

While he was looking, it suddenly occurred to him to check what the air in this realm consisted of, and what the gravity here was. But the moment he thought of it, the answer arrived.

The air, in general, could sustain ordinary humans although the oxygen concentration was much higher, probably due to the massive tree. The gravity was approximately 3 times that of earth.

This would be a problem for his mortal guests, though he had none of those at the moment so it was a problem for later. Considering the exposure to the rich energy of this realm they'd already had, he expected nearly every single one of his guests to experience some kind of elevation in their realms.

Time did not stop while he explored the map, and the changes occurring down below all reflected on the map as well. It was interesting to see, but he did not have time to study geographic changes and the sprouting of civilization.

After adding countless more parameters to the map, and spending nearly four hours thoroughly scouring every corner of the 'big' continent, he finally found a spot that he liked.

The area he planned to encompass in the Inn's 1 million acres covered a part of a massive lake, which might as well be an ocean due to its size, which formed countless bays and coves, as well as a few islands in that lake, some flat land, a few mountains made of spirit crystal, a few forests and even touched on the actual coast of the continent, which led to the cosmic sea.

He got access to a number of extremely resource rich and fertile lands, though the climate seemed to be on the cold side somewhat. He would need to artificially add areas that favored heat if any of his guests had such needs in the future.

There were no settlements nearby, although the area was rich in wildlife. That was something he could not escape anywhere, besides the cosmic sea which had very few living organisms. Lex suspected that the cosmic was very dangerous due to how scarcely it was populated compared to the continents. Then again, he wasn't even sure what this liquid was to begin with.

With his decision made, he designated the area and confirmed it. He expected to be teleported to the region directly, but that's not what happened.

Lex and the rest, who seemed to be seated on an invisible platform, began to move. Or rather, the platform they were on seemed to begin moving. They were going neither slow nor fast, which gave the few who were awake an opportunity to take in the views of the continent below them from new angles.

Lex, who was expecting more notifications or prompts, was left hanging with nothing to do, so he turned his attention to the scenery as well. The realm was picturesque, with bright and vibrant colors painting the ground, while the skies were filled with hues to pink and purple. From a distance, it all looked so peaceful, but the reality of the situation was quite different.

They passed over a massive battle that passed in the blink of an eye, leaving behind scorched earth and torn trees. But even the devastation only lasted a few seconds, as new life began to grow there. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"How welcoming," Lex could not help but murmur.

Eventually, they found themselves over the designated spot for the Inn, and Lex realized why there had been no immediate notification. A massive, transparent barrier was being erected, covering the entire region. Although there were no physical changes being made, Lex could tell that the place was somehow being prepared for their arrival. Cassandra could see even more, as she realized that the laws within that specific region were being treated to allow her and other more powerful guests to exist without issue. After all, there were a number of immortals among the guests, and the fragile environment of the new realm could not support their existence.

The process was not quick, and took a long time. But as progress on the barrier increased, the flow of time began to noticeably decrease.

No longer were the seasons passing by indistinguishably. The brief moments of an extremely colorful spring, the vibrance of summer, the melancholy of autumn and the coziness of winter all became easily distinguishable.

Those who were awake saw countless such cycles pass by over the region which would now be the Midnight Inn.

As time slowed down further, Lex could finally make out the wildlife. They were still moving too fast to get a clear view of for now, but they all seemed to share a common trait. They were all massive!

A full grown elephant or a whale from earth would look like a newborn cup when faced with these creatures. It was then that Lex began to notice, perhaps because the platform was subtly descending, that everything in this continent was much bigger than he was used to.

Each and every tree rose hundreds of feet. The mountains dwarfed the Mountain-man as if he were nothing. Just the grass itself was dozens of feet tall.

Lex could not help but sigh. He was already tiny, and now he was transported to a world of giants. He felt like he was in Gulliver's travels, but in reverse.

When the flow of time slowed down till it was almost normal, Lex finally got the notification he was waiting for.

New Notification: The Midnight Inn's territory has been clearly marked and prepared for habitation. Place down all of the Inn's property and establish a thriving environment for the guests.

New Notification: Time flow for the Midnight realm has stabilized at x3 of the previous territory. New room charge procedures will need to be dictated according to the flow of time depending on the guests point of origin.

New Notification: The Midnight tavern has been temporarily shut down and removed.



Chapter 978 New layout I

Lex was reminded of his very first day at the Inn, when he created the Midnight manor and created a small road and plain garden. It was so simple, and comparatively empty back then. To be fair, he was also limited by the amount of MP he had back then.

Now, although he had a lot more MP, it would not be nearly enough if he had to design the entire new territory of the Inn on his own. Fortunately, that was not a concern as it already contained a complicated terrain, formed naturally over the course of a few million years.

He looked at his territory and very seriously contemplated how he wanted to arrange the new setup. He still had all the buildings, items and even the trees and grass from the previous Inn, not to mention the countless worms, insects and animals.

He first had to choose where the main hub of his Inn would be, as he would start out by placing all the items he already had nearby. Since he had only 10 days with the Host Attire, he planned on developing the entire territory, to some extent, but for now he would keep everything close together. He had not forgotten that there were countless wild beasts inhabiting his territory and he still did not know how they would react. Ordinarily, if the system were functioning normally, he would assume that they were also a part of the Inn and so would obey his orders. But he had not felt a connection develop with them yet.

On the bright side, once he managed to get the situation under control, his long standing problem of having no meat source for the Inn would finally be resolved.

After some consideration, Lex decided to place all the Inn buildings close to the largest lake in his territory. The bay it formed was visually pleasing, and it would serve as a source of water, not that he needed to source his water from the land. But, it would be a convenience for his aquatic and semi-aquatic guests, of which he had quite a few. He also imagined that Little Blue would like to finally have a body of water large enough for it to explore properly, though considering that it was sprouting wings, it might not have such a fondness for the water in the future.

With a hint of nostalgia filling him, Lex placed the Midnight manor as the first building in his new realm. It was now a beachfront property!

It's face was away from the water, but its back, which previously hosted a vast garden filled with flowers and trees, as well as countless lawn chairs and small picnic corners, now had beach chairs, large umbrellas and a few dozen bars and huts.

Lex had to hold himself back from getting lost in the small details and his sudden urge to create a beach resort. With the Midnight manor as the starting point, he began to place the rest of the Inn's buildings, sticking to the same layout as the previous one, for now.

From the manor came Main street and its many accompanying branches, as well as the more prominent buildings such as the Barbershop, Gamers den, Avallon and so on. Everything did not immediately snap into place once he designated their spots, but slowly faded into existence, as if they were buildings in a game being rendered slowly. It looked kind of nice, actually.

Next, he placed the Immortal Bastion, which was to the east of the manor. This was once the place where all the entrances to the Minor realms inside the Inn were located. Lex wondered if they had been lost, for at least right now, he could not sense them.

But even so, he had to place it as the Bastion had become somewhat of a proper city, as it was the most well planned and organized of his creations - especially when compared to how haphazard he had originally designed the Party Village.

But, because of the increased size of his territory, Lex placed the Bastion farther away from Main street. There would be a number of public transport methods available, such as golf carts, trains, the lazy river as well as a rather fast flowing river.

He added some roads now as well, giving his guests the opportunity to drive themselves if they wished. He would need to update his catalog of vehicles to include more than just golf carts, but that was not a primary concern.

The Midnight mountain, which now looked more like an aspiring hill compared to the mountains in this realm, Lex placed far in the south - much farther than the distance between Main street and the Bastion. This had been a signature part of the Inn' skyline previously, but now he suspected that it would lose much of its grandeur. As such, he wanted the mountain to become a place for a nature retreat. Besides Meditation rooms and some cabins, there would be no other service provided here. There wouldn't even be any public transport or roads. If anyone wanted to come, they would have to trek themselves - not that it was much of an issue for cultivators.

The Party Village, which really needed a new name, came to the manors west, and was relatively closer. He took this opportunity to rearrange it somewhat, as a glance was more than enough for his newly enhanced mental capabilities to design a better layout.

He also had the space to have it spread out quite a bit.

He placed the path for the orient between Main street, the Village and the Bastian. However, he did place a number of unconnected tracks through the surrounding wilderness in case he wanted to expand the route in the future.

The small, flying glass city Lex placed over the actual lake itself, and designed a set route for it to roam.

The landing platform he placed south-east of the manor, so that arriving guests could choose between the Bastion and Main street, though that would not be a concern for a while. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

These were the main settlements, but over the course of time, Lex had placed countless unnamed small villages throughout the Inn, which had been booked for years in advance by numerous organizations which wanted to use the Inn as a kind of base of operations.



Chapter 979 New layout II

﻿﻿Lex dotted these in the vast open areas around his three main settlements, allowing them to have privacy, but at the same time not be too far away from any main part of the Inn.

The Fire temple, he placed further east of the Bastion. It had never received a guest so far, and he was not expecting to find one any time soon.

There were a number of underwater settlements he placed in the lake as well, which was surprisingly fresh water despite its massive size. Lex found it hard to believe that such a large body of water somehow remained fresh without any external factors. Perhaps there were some kind of aquatic plants or animals which filtered out all the salts and heavy metals from the water. But if such things existed, they at least weren't within the Inns boundary as far as he could tell.

Speaking of the boundary, Lex spent 13 billion MP and created a massive boundary wall all along the edge of the 1 million acres of the Inns territory. He had made sure that the wall was made from extremely sturdy material, and rose 300 feet (90 meters) in the air.

Although he did not expect to actually keep any formidable enemies out using the wall alone, should they ever arrive, it at least served as a clear division between what was a part of the Inn and what wasn't.

He would have liked to place several formations along the wall as well, but the system was not currently providing him with any.

Something noteworthy was that the wall dipped into the cosmic sea to enclose the small area that was within the Inns territory did not last long. Lex was unsure if it corroded, or withered away or was just disintegrated directly, but it vanished completely, leaving no traces. So that, at least, answered his question about the dangers of the cosmic sea.

Next, he had to place the Greenhouse. This was an issue, for he wanted to expand it greatly, and wanted it to be away from the main settlements. But at the same time, he couldn't be too far.

After some consideration, he placed the Greenhouse 200 miles (321 km) south west of the Manor. The area, while not exactly flatlands, was good enough to accommodate the needs. The area was covered in small plateaus that eventually led to some hills before becoming a part of the spirit stone mountains. Suffice to say that the regions would be extremely fertile and rich in spirit energy, which could only help the plants.

He looked at everything he had accomplished so far and considered what else he might need over the course of the next year. If he was going to lose the Host Attire abilities, and since he had not fused with the system, he would not be able to make any additions at all.

At the moment, nothing immediate came to him. But if he did not regain access to the Minor realms, then he would need to designate a new spot for the Inn workers once again. He liked the idea of them working and making their own community - it would give them something else in their life to focus on besides just work.

Instead of spending more time thinking about how to develop the Inns territory, he started going over his previous notifications. Before he developed the Inn further, he would consult not only with the planning division, but others such as the turtle, Charles and even Cassandra. Of course, while discussing with Cassandra he would do it as Lex and not the Innkeeper.

Besides the need to adjust his prices, another thing he didn't need to immediately do, and the notification about the tavern, he hadn't received any other notifications. The clear lag that the system was suffering from was somewhat concerning. Fortunately, he already had some ideas about how to help the system progress further.

He intended to get his hands on John's system, regardless of how beat up or damaged it was, and would see if he could get his hands on the Mountain-man's system as well. Besides that, one of the primary reasons he selected this specific place as the territory for the Inn was because of how diverse the resources were.

The map did not outright specify what was valuable, but when he was selecting a location for a tavern so long ago, he was able to see locations which had valuable resources. He had done the same while finding a location for the Inn, in hopes that he would find something that could heal the system.

The only problem was that unless he got his hands on a specific The only problem was that unless he got his hands on a specific material or treasure, he would not get a notification informing him if it would work to heal the system. Doing that manually would be incredibly difficult, and would be worse than looking for a needle in a haystack.

So for the remaining 10 days, as soon as he gained the liberty to move around freely, besides developing the Inn, he intended to use the Host Attire to teleport all over the territory to every location which contained valuable resources and get his hands on them. It was a race against the clock, and these few days were going to be critical.

Depending on the level of his success, he would then decide on how desperate he needed to be during the remaining one year. Either way, it was not going to be easy. But he believed it was entirely possible. After all, if it wasn't, the system would have let him know somehow, or it would have used its energy to give him some kind of hope.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

If things truly did not end well, he still had two hostages who were a part of the group hunting for systems. He would have to see how useful they could really be.

01:04

Just as Lex was planning his future actions, he finally heard the familiar sound of the system. But it was not a notification.

New Quest:...



