Chapter 940 Secrets of the Void





?A wave of excitement traveled through the crowd as they heard Gerards words. It had been a long time since the Innkeeper gave them an order, and though they were enjoying the quiet environment at the Inn, they would rather feel productive.

Once the Midnight battalion had returned, and stories of what they experienced spread out among the other works, through Velma's comics of course, many of them felt horrible for not being able to help them. It was never their fault, of course, since the number for the battalion was limited. But nevertheless it had a massive effect on the entire staff.

"I have received word from Mary that the Innkeeper will be sending us to a secret location," Gerard continued, looking out at the endless sea of workers. Not all of them were summoned by the system, and included people like Harry and Charles, who were equally invested.

"You are not allowed to share the details of that location with anyone, and it's best if you don't even mention it, even to each other, unless you are in secure areas where only workers are allowed."

Intrigue and curiosity spread amongst the crowd, but even Gerard did not know the details.

"Now everyone get ready as we'll be teleporting over shortly." Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Getting ready did not really require them to do anything, since the teleportations from the Inn were always seamless. It was more of a mental preparation for the actual event.

Lex, who had been watching the entire process through the system, covered all the workers with his authority and chose to teleport them over to the temple.

One hundred and forty nine thousand, nine hundred and eighty four workers teleported to the Inn all at once, appearing in a massive hall! Lex had no control over where they actually appeared in the temple once they got here, but did not think it should be an issue either way. Fortunately, the entire group was teleported over together.

He did not really need to inform Cassandra and Mateo when the teleportation was complete, as he saw their expressions change as soon as it happened. He was well aware of the skepticism they maintained about his claim of being able to bring his coworkers to the temple, since the temple was supposed to be in hiding.

The fact that he had accomplished this revealed a massive flaw in the temple's security! Fortunately, neither of them had the authority to relocate the temple on their own, so all they could really do was consider how to train them.

Lex, personally, felt great satisfaction in watching the emotionless Cassandra get startled by the event, as well as the number of Inn workers who had arrived. But since all of them were human, there should have been no issue.

Before he could say anything, making sure to hide his amusement, the temple trembled underneath his feet.

"Is that normal?" Lex asked, suddenly concerned about the situation. Perhaps he should have brought them in smaller groups, but it should not have mattered since he informed Cassandra of it beforehand and she did not raise any concerns.

"Yes, yes," Cassandra said, gathering herself. The faint signs of any expression she wore faded, and she returned to casually drinking her tea. "The activity of the temple depends on the number of humans populating it. Since the number jumped massively, the temple flooded its systems with energy. Since the systems have been inactive for so long there was a mild reaction, but it's settled now.

"The group that has arrived will all undergo the initial assessment, as you did, before they are assigned living quarters. More... teachers and trainers will have to be woken up to handle this many students. But it shouldn't be an issue. The temple can handle this."

"Excellent. Now, if you can take me to the worker called Luthor, he has something for me. He will also have the Innkeeper's business card so that you can meet with him personally."

"Let's go," Cassandra said, and led Lex to an area of the temple he had never been to before.

"Due to its size, the temple has multiple modes of transportation across its many zones. While short range teleportation is the quickest, for whatever reason, most people preferred to use these."

She waved her hand, gesturing in general to the set up around them. Giant crystal balls, with four chairs set inside of them, stood in rows over some kind of track. One of the balls rolled over towards them, the chairs unaffected by the movement of the ball itself.

"It doesn't take too much time, and you can get a nice view of the temple."

Lex waited for a door or something to open so he could enter, but when it never did, he turned to look at Cassandra.

"You can just walk through the glass. It's not actually 'glass' but is rather a visual effect added to a forcefield. This way, the orbs aren't affected from traveling anywhere, and there's no chance of anyone getting run over, even if the orbs come off their tracks."

Lex touched the orb, and upon parsing through, jumped to his seat and buckled himself in, allowing Cassandra to lead the way.

He had expected that the orb would travel within the temple, but was stunned when the orb, with him and Cassandra as well, moved through the walls as if they were a mirage, and began following a trail on the outside.

Lex was stunned by the sight, as he was for the first time able to observe the enormous size of the temple, protected from the crushing influence of the Void by the orb. But the orb was moving fast, and Lex could not get a detailed view of the temple, so he turned his attention to the Void instead.

His limited exposure to the Void behind space had been very turbulent, so he had no real impression of it. Now that he could finally look at it, he was surprised to learn that it wasn't filled with darkness.

No, instead a strange, flowing energy filled the Void, giving off a faint light that was constantly changing colors. The energy, visible due to the light it gave off, seemed to be traveling in thin streams and filled nearly the entire Void, making it a mesmerizing spectacle when one didn't have to protect themself from it.

In the distance, though it was difficult to judge exactly how far since the concept of 'location' and 'distance' were inherently connected to space, Lex could see Void dwellers, swimming through the energy.

Lex had fought not just a few of them, but it only occurred to him now that considering how dangerous the Void was, the dwellers he faced were not so powerful. It didn't make sense. How did they even survive the crushing pressure of the Void if just his attacks were enough to kill them?

He asked Cassandra, and received a surprisingly simple explanation.

"Void dwellers are incredibly powerful, only so long as they remain in the Void. Over here, they could have peak Nascent level, or even immortal level strength but be reduced to the Foundation level once they leave it. That's because their biology makes them dependent on the energy from the Void. The energy actively fuels their strength.

"Because of the abundance of this particular Void energy, Void dwellers do not have any way of storing it in their bodies, as they do not need it. But as a result, as soon as they leave the Void they are deprived of their strength and become exceptionally weak.

"Despite their loss of power, however, all Void dwellers try to leave the Void any chance they get. It's difficult to know the exact reason. There are many theories about it, but studies and research have revealed unexpected and confusing results. If you try to read the memories of a Void dweller, you will see that they only recognize the Void as their eternal prison. But no one has ever been able to find any proof of them being imprisoned here by anyone. All signs indicate them being born naturally in this environment. Even the Void dwellers themselves don't seem to remember who imprisoned them or why, just that they want to leave, even if they suffer a massive drop in power because of it."

Lex was intrigued, and wondered what secrets lay awaited to be discovered out in the Void. The universe was filled with such secrets, and the Midnight Inn allowed him to get in touch with them and explore them, which is why he really liked it. But he could not get rid of his suspicions at the same time.

Continuing to exist like this was not viable. He had some ideas on what he could do to remedy the situation, but all of that would have to wait. For now, he admired the incredible view, and promised himself that if he ever became powerful enough, he would try to uncover the secrets of the Void, and the Void dwellers.



Chapter 941 Not what I expected





?The orb ride was not long, and felt even shorter due to the incredible and enchanting views along the way. It was an enchanting experience, and Lex looked forward to the challenge of creating a space inside his Inn where Void dwellers could also come on vacation.

Considering the fact that the Inn was supposed to cater to everyone in the universe, it was expected that he would get guests who needed special environments to live in. But that would have to wait for the future, when Lex wasn't stuck in an existential crisis all the time.

Lex imagined that, back in the day when the temple was operating normally, the view outside was very different. The temple probably wasn't hidden in the Void back then. He wondered what it must have looked like.

Losing himself in such normal thoughts for once was a refreshing change, so when the orb finally returned inside the temple and arrived at the destination, he was in a very good mood. The fact that he would see other people again after so long was also great.

The orb finally reached the hall with all the workers, and Lex exited the orb to a soft murmuring from the countless conversation between all of them. Nobody recognized Lex because, well, he wasn't a baby the last time they saw him. They just assumed he was a part of the temple.

By now, thousands of projections had woken up and had given a small briefing to everyone about where they were, as well as forming lines to take the initial assessment.

The clean environment, the professional attitude of the projections as well as the excellent service they were being provided quickly established an unsaid misunderstanding that spread amongst all the workers. They assumed, naturally, that this temple had been specially prepared for them by the Innkeeper.

It made sense. The Innkeeper had long been preparing them for this eventual move all the way back from before the great Inn invasion had happened. The addition of the security team, the guards, the battalion, and eventually even the 300 workers were all signs that the Innkeeper was getting ready to train them.

It only made sense, and not just because they needed higher combat ability. Many of their guests were incredibly powerful, and they could not even cater to their requirements due to their current weakness.

They also felt somewhat inadequate because the Inn constantly hired security guards from the Reaving Dread mercenary group. It was not that they had problems with the group, just that they felt guilty for having the Innkeeper babysit them so.

So, a facility specifically designed to train and strengthen them and only them seemed logical, and well within the capabilities of someone as powerful as the Innkeeper. The fact that the projections gave them vague details about the temple's background only served to enhance this misunderstanding.

After all, telling them that a mysterious powerful being designed the temple to train and enhance the human race did nothing to dissuade them from connecting it to the Innkeeper.

As such, a strange harmony was established between all the projections and the workers, who gave the utmost respect to the 'mysterious and powerful being'.

Moreover, as workers of a large organization with unbelievable services and rules, they could understand what the projections were experiencing well enough, and so they quickly developed friendships.

Although unaware of the misunderstanding, Lex nodded as he saw the pleasant atmosphere develop, and the lighthearted relationship between the workers and projections forming. It only made sense, the Inn workers were the most polite and sociable people around.

Cassandra similarly nodded at seeing how effectively the training process was beginning. She expected nothing less from the best trainers in the universe.

The two eventually found Luthor after asking around, and found the man standing in a corner, overlooking everyone slowly going through the selection. When he spotted the baby and the lady approaching, his gaze became fixed on the baby.

"So you're Leo, huh? Got to say this is not what I imagined you looked like without the Clark Kent glasses and… without your scary mask."

He tried to hide his amusement, but he could not.

"Officially, it's Lex," he explained as he walked up to his own secretary. "I go by Leo because I didn't want anyone from my previous life to recognize me. This, by the way, is a recent development. I got injured during the rescue, and when I healed, well, this happened."

The amusement quickly dropped from Luthor's face, replaced instead by a serious expression.

"I did not get an opportunity to thank you. You saved all our lives. If ever you need my help, just say the word and I'll take care of it regardless of the difficulty."

"Think nothing of it," Lex said, waving his hand. "I treat everyone at the Inn like my family. Now, I believe you have something for us."

Luthor nodded, and brought out the Innkeeper's business card from his pocket and handed it with both hands to Cassandra.

For once, Cassandra found it completely impossible to maintain her emotionless state as even just in projection form, she could feel the incredible aura emanating off the card. She touched it, and from her projection all the way to her actual body, which was in a deep slumber somewhere inside the temple, she felt dread and awe from coming in contact with the energy in the card.

As someone who was at the peak of the Celestial Immortal realm, far stronger even than Jotun, she could feel the sheer awesomeness packed into the card. Even her projection started to sweat, but neither Lex nor Luthor thought less of her for it.

"Lex, you spend some time catching up with your friends. I will come get you once my meeting is over. There are still many things you need to work on."

Even while she spoke, Cassandra's eyes stayed fixed on the card. But as soon as she was done, her projection faded, the card disappearing with her. She was not willing to delay the matter at all. It was too important.

Once she left, Lex was left alone with Luthor. For a moment he felt slightly awkward. He'd hardly interacted with the Inn staff as himself, but the feeling did not last long. He really wasn't the type to dwell on such things.

"How was everyone once they returned? Any problems? I've… I've heard that many people suffer from trauma after coming back from a warzone." ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Lex already knew the answer. He'd monitored everyone through his system. But it didn't hurt to hear the details directly from the source.

"It was… an adjustment, suddenly coming back to a safe environment from the battlefield. But none of the battalion members had any real problems. Or rather, before there was an opportunity for a problem to manifest, Dr. Best took everyone's rehabilitation into his own hands. Despite how… how low his cultivation realm is, he is quite fearless, and pushy.

"As it turns out, the stress relief from the hot tub room, the various patisserie snacks as well as Harry's haircuts is a lot more potent than I thought. It doesn't just get rid of your stress for the day. It literally gets rid of all one's worries that had been stored over time. He also forced me to spend a few weeks inside the Gamer's den playing a couple of games called Minecram and Candycrash. It was a different experience. I don't know about the rest, but he also spent a few good hours lecturing me on how I'm abusing my bloodline. The man is… relentless."

"Yes, I've met him. He should have also arrived with this group, right?"

"Yeah, you can see him right over there," Luthor said, as he pointed towards a small crowd in the distance. "He's arguing with a few different projections, claiming that his training routines are better and more thorough than theirs."

Lex could not help but chuckle. Charles Best was a very interesting fellow, and he had extremely varied interests, and he was equally passionate about each one of them. He also knew many secrets that would be very helpful when the new realm was born.

"By the way, you should have also had something for me as well," Lex said, remembering something important.

Luthor nodded, and handed him a spatial bag that he had been carrying.

"Thanks, I really need this," Lex said as he observed the contents of the bag. It contained only one suit that matched his measurements. But, more important than appropriately sized attire, was the fact that the only purpose of the suit was to multiply Lex's control over space.

For the next few months, that was the only thing he intended on training. After all, if Lex planned on taking advantage of a loophole to return to the Inn, he needed to improve his control over space as much as possible.

He already mastered Blink. Now he just needed to master teleporting across trillions of lightyears with hundreds of thousands of workers. It shouldn't be a problem.



Chapter 942 Meeting the Innkeeper





?Cassandra's projection reappeared right over her sleeping chamber, as close to her physical body as possible. Propriety dictated that when meeting someone of the Innkeeper's status, she should do so with her real body instead of a projection, but that wasn't possible. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

She was put to sleep for more than one reason, and she would not be able to wake up even if she managed to get permission to enter the newborn realm. But there was an alternative she could use, which was to prepare a weak clone.

Even if she did not experience the new realm with her actual body, the benefits gained by the clone could be transferred to her main body through various means. That meant she'd be giving up on maximizing her gains, but such were the realities of life.

She did not have such a clone ready at the moment, so all she could do was conjure her strongest, most realistic projection to meet the Innkeeper.

Although intimidated by the immensity of the Innkeepers aura, she had spent a long time surrounded by powers so powerful they were beyond human comprehension, so she was able to regain her poise fairly quickly.

She did not need instruction on how to use the card, just holding it was enough for her to understand. When she was ready, she channeled a sliver of her energy into the card and watched as it began to shimmer bits of gold.

The card gently flew out of her hand, and took the shape of a tall, handsome man. She lowered her eyes before his figure was completely formed, respectful of the dignity of a Dao Lord.

"Greetings, Innkeeper. My name is Cassandra Vans Agnew, daughter of Jacinda Vans Agnew, apostle of Mother Nuwa. I apologize for not meeting you in person, but my body has been put to sleep by means far beyond myself."

"There is no need for apologies, especially for one who has been hosting some of my workers," the Innkeeper said, his voice itself a conduit for some laws. Cassandra could not tell the details, but from the way she suddenly felt relaxed and at peace, she suspected his voice was filled with the laws of charm and peacefulness, and perhaps a few others mixed together.

She had seen this phenomenon before. It was not a result of actively adding laws to one's voice, but a result of the sheer magnitude of the influence of a cultivator on certain laws. Which laws get added to the voice often represent the kind of laws a cultivator is proficient in, almost revealing their nature as a result.

It was like how humans judged each other's personality traits by their minor traits, such as tone, manner of speaking and hand gestures. Only, in this case, it was a result of much more deliberate attempts at wielding certain laws.

"In fact, I must thank you for taking care of my workers. They are zealous sometimes, but they mean well."

The Innkeeper spoke so calmly and gently, with no rush in his voice at all. It was as if he was completely at peace, and that influenced Cassandra to relieve herself of her nervousness as well.

"It is the duty of the temple to foster the human race. I hope we can meet your expectations, even though the temple will not be able to provide dragon meditating mats for cultivation."

The Innkeeper let out a small yet hearty laugh upon hearing the comment.

"Although I am fond of my workers, Cassandra Vans Agnew, I am not in the habit of spoiling them. Lex procured the dragon through his own efforts. I merely allowed him to house the dragon discreetly."

Cassandra was stunned, and her mouth dropped open. What? How? But that…

"Of course he did not kill the Heavenly immortal dragon. It had already lost its soul, part of which is in his ring, if you noticed. But still, he put a lot of effort into overcoming its Dragons Might, so I let him keep it."

Cassandra was just a projection, so she should not have really felt any physical sensations. But she felt dizzy nonetheless. It was no wonder he was such a tough nut to crack, she thought.

Lex, who was watching through the eyes of the Innkeepers projection, chuckled internally. Half the fun of having a dragon was being able to brag about it. It was something he had been resisting for a long time, but with Cassandra, he had been thoroughly scratching that itch.

"But you have done a good job, nonetheless. Having proper guidance will really help the workers in growing. Most of them have such limited exposure, and I would be remiss to send them out into the universe to explore so unprepared."

"That is the duty the temple was designed for. It is a shame that the temple has been unable to fulfill its duty since the destruction of the Platoona major realm, so the arrival of your workers is a great opportunity to fulfill our duty. But I… I hope you don't mind me asking, how were you able to teleport them right inside the temple? It… it's supposed to have the best spatial protection."

The Innkeeper chuckled, as if she had asked him a silly question.

"The Midnight Inn can reach every corner of the universe. No place is restricted," he said with a warm smile, as if he was saying the simplest thing. "Of course, I have not yet opened the doors of the Inn to the whole universe. Once my workers grow, and are ready to face the challenge, I will steadily welcome more and more guests to the Inn."

The Innkeeper paused, as Cassandra tried to grasp the magnitude of the Innkeeper's claim. But he did not wait long, and continued the conversation in a different direction.

"The Midnight Inn is a place I opened up so that weary travelers can find sanctuary and relaxation, a haven where they may rest on their laurels. Normally, I would turn no guest away so long as they obey the rules of the Inn. But the Inn is undergoing some… renovations, and to avoid any accidents in which my guests might get hurt in the process, I have temporarily stopped letting in new guests. But I hear that you want to visit the Inn?"

A million thoughts raced through Cassandra's head as she thought of the best way to phrase her request. She thought over their entire exchange, studying each and every word the Innkeeper had said and what it could possibly mean.

Ultimately, she concluded that he was giving her an opportunity by bringing up her request first. She merely needed to explain her reasons, clearly and truthfully. Perhaps the Innkeeper was pleased with the temple for taking care of his workers, so he was giving her an easy opportunity. She could think of no other reason.

"Lord Innkeeper, since the fall of the apostles, the human race has suffered tremendously. Currently, the only reason they have any standing in the universe at all is because of the backing of mother Nuwa, but even that is just the bare minimum. Without at least one Dao Lord to create a holy land for humans, and lead the fight in the realm wars, we run the risk of falling even further, and going beyond the point of redemption.

"I heard from Lex that you plan on moving your Inn to a newborn realm. If I could experience the process of a new realm establishing its rules and creating its foundation, I believe it could provide me with a great boost, and allow me to finally touch upon the Dao. I have borne the responsibility for the human race on my shoulders since the day I was born, so I must plead with your eminence to allow me this opportunity. The human race will forever be grateful."

Cassandra bowed deeply as she put forward her request.

Lex had planned out how to proceed long before the meeting had even happened, but for some reason, her words reminded him of Cornelius II, King of the Hum nation in the Crystal realm.

It was not because they had similarities in their beliefs, no. It was actually because of how different they were. Not that Lex believed even 10% of what Cornelius claimed, but the man had told his son that the reason he did not want to end the war with the Kraven was because he wanted the human race as a whole to grow.

If only a few could prop up the whole race, while the rest only enjoyed the fruits of their labor, then it would be meaningless. Only if the entire race grew and prospered would they truly deserve to escape the threat of annihilation.

Although he had not talked to Cassandra in depth, and did not know her background and experiences, the little she had stated was the exact opposite of Cornelius.

It was so interesting how two people in a position of power had such differing views. Suddenly, Lex had an idea, it took hold of his entire being.



Chapter 943 Tsundere

﻿﻿A part of Lex told him that he should not conduct social experiments on immensely strong cultivators who could influence the fate of his race over the entire universe. That part was his brain. But at the same time another part of him argued, like a tiny devil sitting on his shoulder wearing the Notorious Anonymity mask whispering in his ear, that if Cassandra were so easily influenced then even if he never did anything, she would likely go astray down the line.

He should have confidence in her ability to think for herself and make her own decisions. Moreover, since this was a matter very much related to him as it would influence his entire race, he was entirely eligible to have an opinion of it. His experiences on Earth, however limited they may be, told him that anything easily given is often taken advantage of, and not valued.

Of course, he could not say for certain that the human race was taking it easy, since he did not know the universal status of humans. But from Cassandra's words, it seemed like she was planning on bearing the burden of the entire race on her own. That was not a good long-term solution.

"How would you go to the Inn with your body in its current state?" the Innkeeper asked, the question sparking hope in Cassandra's heart.

"Although my main body will stay asleep, I can fashion a weak clone. I can use various enchantments to hide the clone, due to its low level, so it won't be an issue for it to leave the temple."

A few more things clicked into place in Lex's mind. With her help, transporting everyone back to the Inn would actually be much easier.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"I closed the Midnight Inn so that my guests would not accidentally get hurt. But you seem a little more capable than the rest. It should not be an issue to allow you to come in."

Elation flooded Cassandra's chest as she heard the Innkeeper's words, but he continued to speak, not giving her time to relish the feeling.

"But there is one thing you need to understand before coming to the Inn. It is that the Inn is a neutral organization, and we ensure the security of all our guests so long as they follow the rules. Not that I expect any trouble, but I am stating it, nonetheless."

"Understood," Cassandra said, taking it like an order. Considering that the Inn accepted any guest, she believed that the Innkeeper was hinting that he may have some guests from... the other side of the war. But she could remain civil if she had to.

"Good. Now just a couple of things before I leave, although they're just suggestions, so you do not need to feel obligated to participate. The first thing is that I have already sealed the Inn. Although my workers are outside, I do not intend to undo the seal. After all, I do not take back my word. Fortunately for everyone, Lex has a way to return to the Inn on his own. But, if you help him, his chances of bringing everyone back in time will be much greater.

"Secondly, there is a realm called the Crystal realm. There exists a vast nation of humans in that realm, ruled by a single king. If you manage to arrive at the Inn early enough, I recommend you go there and have a talk with him. Compared to your ideal of wanting to take on the burden of the human race yourself, his perspective is a little different. Perhaps you two can have an interesting conversation."

"I won't miss the opportunity," Cassandra said firmly. Although the Innkeeper said it was just a suggestion, he must have a reason for suggesting it in the first place.

The Innkeeper only nodded, before his projection disappeared, along with his business card. Lex had to resist the urge to tell her to let him know how the talk went. He figured he could use his original identity for that, as it seemed inappropriate for the Innkeeper to ask such a question.

After the Innkeeper departed, Cassandra first took a moment to thoroughly go over the entire exchange. Her prior experience with Dao Lords told her that they were an entirely different league of existence. Their considerations went deeper and further than ordinary cultivators such as herself could perceive.

Even though, technically speaking, she was just one realm below the Dao Lord realm, she could not imagine what it must be like. That one realm was the difference between being at the top of the universe in terms of power, or at the bottom.

She concluded that even before the Innkeeper arrived; he had already decided to accept her as a guest. She could only attribute that decision to Lex speaking in her favor, for she could not think of any other reason why he would allow her to come despite locking down the Inn.

She could not help but smile. He behaved so coldly towards her, but was actually looking out for her.

Wasn't there a term for that? Tsundere? She'd learned of it when she was reading the memories of the devils who had invaded the temple.

With her contemplation complete, she decided to get to work. Creating a suitable clone would require some effort on her part, as well as some resources from the temple. She should also get to Lex. If returning to the Inn depended on him, she had to make sure he was completely up to the task.

When she reappeared in the hall with the workers, she found Lex and Luthor still standing in the same place. They were looking out at the pup Fenrir, who Lex had summoned, who was being swarmed by hundreds of workers while he tried to run from them.

Fenrir, alongside Little Blue, had more or less become the mascot of the Inn, so his absence had been strongly felt by many of the workers. Now that he was here, they wouldn't miss a chance to pet him, even if they had to capture him first to do it.



Chapter 944 Training montage I

﻿﻿"Had your fun?" Cassandra asked, her expression once again completely neutral.

If Lex himself had not seen how nervous and expressive she had been in front of the Innkeeper, he may have believed she really was just like that. Now he knew that a bunch of Golden core cultivators just weren't enough to elicit a reaction from her.

"I was just telling him what kind of training he and the others can expect," Lex said, but then paused, turned to look Cassandra in the eye, and continued, "and the kind of things they won't need to face."

Cassandra could not help but chuckle. Lex was trying to give her a silent reminder of their agreement, but now that her impression of him had changed, all she could see was a cute little baby looking up at her.

"Well, I'm glad that you've given them an idea of what to expect. But I think now it's time to focus on other matters. The Innkeeper informed me that I have to help you in returning everyone back to the Inn. I can only imagine that he meant I have to train you for the task. So, let's go. I'm going to be increasing the intensity of your training."

For some reason, Lex's body trembled. That was strange, because Lex himself planned on asking for her help. The more he grew his control over space, the easier it would be to actually pull off his task. So then, instead of being pleased, why did he suddenly feel dread at the fact that Cassandra was going to train him?

Dismissing the strange reaction, Lex bade Luthor farewell and followed Cassandra to the orb they had parked. The ride back was somehow even shorter as Lex was lost in planning his immediate future.

Even when they arrived at their destination, Lex followed Cassandra silently as he considered the timelines for various things in his mind. When Cassandra finally woke him from his reverie, he was startled to find himself sitting at a table with something that looked suspiciously similar to a croissant and a cup of hot chocolate in front of him.

"So, how exactly do you plan on returning to the Inn?" she asked, staring at him. She needed to know how to design his training and what to focus on.

Lex smiled. He was obviously not going to share the specific details, as that was a security flaw technically speaking. In fact, it was such a serious flaw that he was going to consider some options to amend it later on.

"In essence, I'm going to teleport us there. For that I need to improve my control over space and learn long distance teleportation in the next few months. I have to do it while taking along a few thousand people with me as well. What do you think? Should be easy, right?"ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The question was dripping with sarcasm, because Lex was very much aware of the immensity of the task, not to mention if it was even really possible or not.

But Cassandra did not give him the feedback that he was expecting. She only smiled at him, her eyes filled with mischief.

"Yes, it shouldn't be hard at all."

Lex trembled again, and this time he began to suspect that something was amiss. But whether he suspected something or not hardly mattered. He could not skip the training that followed.

She started him off easily by drowning him in a liquid that had extremely bizarre spatial properties. That was not a figure of speech as for this training Lex really needed to drown.

The nerve-wracking, mind numbing, daunting task of taking the liquid into his lungs was one he had to purposefully perform. He also had to swallow some in his stomach, but that was also achieved without any issue.

The liquid presented a number of strange behaviors in various circumstances, and Lex had to experience each and every one of them. It affected space in such a way that it detached itself from the 'location' aspect of existing in space. In simple terms, the liquid teleported randomly, and the distance it could teleport was theoretically infinite. It could even traverse between realms. By being completely submerged and filled by the liquid, Lex experienced that teleportation as if he were the liquid.

But after 6 hours of being teleported across the temple while in a state of drowning, Cassandra informed Lex that that had just been the warm up. Their training was officially going to begin after that.

Cassandra did not focus on any other aspect of space, and solely focused on teleportation. Between being flung through space and squeezing through self created, externally contained wormholes, Lex completely lost track of time.

There was no day or night, no breakfast or dinner. He would eat when he had expended a certain amount of energy, and he would sleep when his performance dropped by more than 2%.

The minutes and hours were indistinguishable, so that Lex had no idea how much time was passing. Eventually, when Lex felt like several months must have gone by, he asked Mary how long it had been. She told him merely 6 days had passed.

That's when Cassandra informed him of how space travel messes with time perception. In essence, it messes things up.

After the first two weeks, Lex steadied himself finally. Whether he was cooked in boiling space, dragged through distorting space, pushed through a portal that had only an entrance but no exit, he no longer cared. He could overcome difficulties. Heck, on the day when Lex tried out Blink and realized that his range had grown by three times, Lex wholeheartedly threw himself into Cassandra's crazy training sessions.

After a month, Lex no longer suffered the debilitating soul nausea that would affect him if he traveled through a poorly made teleportation formation. He had overcome a number of other obstacles as well, and his control over space was increasing so fast he had trouble comprehending his own new capabilities.

When the second month began, Cassandra told him that since he had finally become desensitized to basic spatial issues, they could begin his real training.



Chapter 945 Training montage II

The minutes, hours, days and weeks blurred together as his training continued. He had not been pushed to the extent that he had been when he was overcoming Dragons Might, but that did not mean this was any easier.

Cassandra was very meticulous about making sure he always remained in peak performance condition. From getting enough sleep, to eating nutritionally rich foods, to specialized massages to allow his muscles to recover quickly, to many more things, she made sure that he could always push further, which was a strange mix of exhausting and refreshing.

At some point, Lex ended up informing Cassandra that his cultivation technique helped him acclimatize to harsh conditions. He obviously did not tell her the details and extent of his techniques capabilities, but just even that was amazing. She then proceeded to add cultivating in increasingly hazardous conditions to the schedule.

Lex had already informed her of the timetable he intended to keep, but he could not help but ask Mary to inform him as time passed as well because the days seemed to stretch on forever. But that just seemed to confirm how slowly time was actually passing by. Maybe it was because Lex had never been as efficient and diligent with his time in his life, where every second of every day was utilized fully, which caused him to feel like the days were too long.

By the third month, Lex clearly noticed how his perception and control over space were drastically improving. He reached the point where Blink became like second nature to him, and he would not get exhausted from it no matter how many times he did. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Now he began training in more specified stuff. Although Blink was also technically teleportation, its functionality was rooted in very different concepts than those of actual Teleportation.

Whether it was long range or short range, Teleportation was an ability which had a far larger range than Blink, and was technically much more stable and secure. At the same time, it was more energy intensive which was predictable.

For that Lex needed to perceive and comprehend the 'location' or 'coordinates' of a place, and how to lock on to them. After that Lex would begin training with short range Teleportation. Then would come long range, 'after' which would come teleporting with living beings.

It was fortunate that his comprehension had been drastically improved by his cultivation technique, because he was putting in his maximum effort to learn and improve, which included using his Overdrive state.

Cassandra never failed to take advantage of his many talents to design new and somehow even more exhausting training sessions. Just as Lex was beginning to gain some confidence in himself, she got him to start performing reverse teleportation. That meant he would tag an item, and then have it teleport to himself.

For reasons he could not comprehend, this made the process infinitely harder, and it took him an entire week before he made any progress. Just as he was gaining some confidence, Cassandra asked him to stop tagging the items. He had to teleport them to himself only by knowing its coordinates. When, finally, he made some progress, she then asked him to reverse teleport himself to Fenrir.

At the same time, the pup was told to run continuously, without taking a single break. Then he had to teleport one item from one set of coordinates to another one, not himself. Then Cassandra hit him with interference in the midst of his teleportations. The hurdles were endless.

The only thing Lex was grateful for was that he was so busy that he had no time to dwell on how sick of training he was getting.

But while Lex was undergoing an extreme evolution even he himself was not aware of, the rest of the Inn workers did not have it easy either. Since Lex had forbidden more creative means of training, there was nothing left for them but good old hard work.

It was fortunate, then, that all the workers had only recently received great motivation to get stronger, and in general they were all great workers. Even Charles begrudgingly accepted training after he learned that they could aid him in even the extremely obscure cultivation technique he was practicing. He quickly entered the Qi training stage of cultivation.

A majority of all workers reached the Foundation stage, which was a massive boost, and those that had already reached the Foundation realm made good progress. A few of the workers even broke into the Golden core realm.

The fact that this was even possible within a single year of cultivating was a testament to the great environment at the Inn, as well as the benefits gained from experiencing star rating increases.

The free resources and excellent guidance were just the cherry on top, at least for the first few months. Once all the workers had tapped out of their abundant accumulation, their true cultivation journeys began.

But not all workers were focused just on cultivation. Much in the way Lex had focused solely on Teleportation, many workers selected specializations they liked. The big three, alchemy, treasure manufacturing and formations, were always popular, and so got a large number of workers learning them. But many also focused on more specific niches, such as cooking, landscaping, farming, talisman making, medicine and more.

The temple, a literal bastion of all knowledge pertaining to humans, was the perfect place to learn many of these professions that focused on human needs. Luthor, unexpectedly, did not take any combat or cultivation related lessons. Instead, he focused on becoming a better assistant to the Innkeeper.

Gerard took lessons in security management. Velma learned how to be a better detective. Regus, the Inn worker who was completely invisible and forgotten by everyone, focused solely on learning how to take control of his abilities and once again becoming visible. Jace, the worker who had gained earth manipulation powers and made a fort for the battalion, went into architecture.

Everyone was extremely focused, so many months later, when Z finally woke up and emerged, he was startled to find countless Inn workers running around with no time to chat. Completely confused about what was happening, he walked around the temple trying to get someone to explain the circumstances, but no one seemed to have the time.



Chapter 946 Training montage III

The temple buzzed with activity after a long, long time. The workers did not get to experience the slight lag many of the rooms had displayed when Lex had first arrived, but as more and more rooms were opened up and put into use, everyone could somehow tell that the temple was somehow in better condition.

The air somehow smelled fresher, the energy was more vibrant, and the services had an extra edge to them that no one could quite pin down. But the results spoke for themselves. None of the Inn workers was ever lazy, and they all had excellent qualifications in almost every sense. But after months of grueling training, whether it be in combat, cooking or chiropractic therapy, they had improved considerably.

By the standards of the temple teachers, they were not yet shining gems, but they had definitely undergone a polish. With that polish came the accompanying confidence.

The workers all underwent a boost in confidence. Most of them never personally interacted with the Innkeeper, and so were never directly influenced by him.

While the likes of Gerard, Velma and Luthor were excellent examples of the heights a worker could achieve, it was a fact that they all got confidence boosts from interacting with the Innkeeper.

The rest of the workers, in a position of service to countless guests, almost all of whom had a higher cultivation level, began developing somewhat of a servile nature. If it were not for the extremely supporting environment developed between the staff members, the situation would have been even worse.

But there was nothing that built true confidence better than working hard and experiencing the benefits of one's hard work themselves.

At the same time, they worshiped the Innkeeper even more. He had made such an amazing temple and given them such an excellent opportunity, without asking for anything in return.

Geeves, who had joined at the last minute, nearly fell to his knees and wept when the temple taught him a cultivation technique centered around creating the most exceptional clothes!

There was a caveat to this, though, which is that the entire process had to be done by hand. From preparing the materials, to design, to stitching anything else that the process could possibly involve, he had to do by hand. That meant for his cultivation, he could not rely on the services of the Inn. But that was not an issue for him whatsoever.

Besides, the ceiling for the techniques he learnt was very high. If done well, he could theoretically even surpass the standards of the Inns services!

Z, who eventually got his answers when Cassandra suddenly appeared in front of him, had joined Lex in his training at some point. Lex had mentioned that Z also wanted to focus on developing his spatial affinities, and Cassandra thought that Lex might perform better with someone accompanying him.

But Lex had not expected Z to show up, and was not prepared at all. Since he would not be able to hide it any longer, Lex ultimately introduced himself properly to Z as Leo, which led to an incredibly awkward misunderstanding.

Z forgave Lex for working him so hard. After all, one could not expect a baby to work. He even gave Lex encouraging pep talks, praising him for becoming an entrepreneur at such an early age.

He then proceeded to inform Lex about a group of kids he took care of, namely the Peacock warriors, and promised to introduce him to some of his agemates.

It was only once they began training together that Z remembered that Lex was so much stronger than him, and indeed that was still the case.

Z had undergone a process which would evolve him into a different subtype of human, which was closer to his ancestor. As a result of this evolution, he gained immense physical strength. He had also broken into the Golden core realm. He still could not even cause a single scratch on Lex's body, even if he stood still and did not defend.

The teenager, instantly humbled, quickly set his sights on becoming stronger so that the babies of the realm did not have to work so hard to protect themselves.

Hera, one of the few hires of the Inn, had a much tougher time than the rest. She was not born with the inherent talent that the rest of the Inn workers arrived with, nor did she have a bloodline at all. But the one thing she had was a memory seared into her brain of her son, Jimmy, crying secretly at night because he lost his first friend, Layla.

Layla's family, coming from a prestigious background affiliated with the Jotun empire, did not approve of the extended time she was spending with Jimmy, and fearing that some feelings might develop between the children harshly separated them.

Though kids in general were resilient, he had since bounced back from the incident. Moreover, the Midnight Inn was an excellent place to live, and Jimmy was growing wonderfully. He had come out of his introverted shell somewhat, and still hung out with his other friends. But she never wanted anyone to look down on her son again for any reason. She would give him the best of everything. At the same time, she also realized that as a cultivator, she had a long life in front of her, and she wanted to live it well.

So she trained, and she trained hard. Though her initial progress was slow, as the months went by, she began surpassing the other workers in terms of progress. She had undergone a complete metamorphosis, and no longer seemed inferior amidst the highly talented crowd of workers.

Countless others experienced a similar nirvana, but Lex did not have time to focus on them. He was training as if his life depended on it. But, one day, when he woke up from his sleep, he was oddly not rushed to the breakfast table where he would get a briefing of the horrors that awaited him the next day.

For a moment, the lack of the expected push confused him. Then a thought occurred to him.

"Mary, how long before the new realm is born?" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"One and a half months," she answered promptly.

Just as he thought. His training period was officially over.



Chapter 947 Spatial anchor

﻿﻿The sudden freedom left Lex slightly disoriented. Every second of every day for the past few months had been a tough journey for him. For it to end so suddenly and without warning was a bit disconcerting.

But he got over the feeling quickly. It was hard to complain about having it rough when physically he was in perfect condition. His mental health would recover when he relaxed in the hot tub room like Luthor had suggested.

He stepped out of his sleeping pod, possibly for the last time, and made his way to where, no doubt, a lavish feast was waiting for him. He entered the room to find a pale-looking Z, trembling at the table.

As it turned out, Lex was both right and wrong. The spread prepared for him was grand, but it was none of the delicious and mouth watering food he had so gotten used to. Instead, it was a feast of food that would temporarily boost his spatial affinity, perception, and control.

He'd had some of it before during training, so he knew what it was like. It would induce a specific kind of nausea that space-travel turbulence caused.

Fortunately, he had built up a resistance to it. Unfortunately, it was just resistance and not immunity.

"Do I have to eat all of that?" Lex asked reluctantly. Cassandra, who did not teleport but walked in with her newly created clone, said, "that's up to you now. I've trained you the best I could in the time I had. But you're the one who knows how to get to the Inn. You have to judge for yourself what you'll need to do."

That was just a polite way of saying yes. He would need every advantage he could take. He sat down, for once not in a rush, and began slowly nibbling on the revolting food. The issue with this, in particular, was that it was the uncooked body parts of a certain type of worm that tunneled through space.

Both Lex and Z trembled at the same time. Best not to think about it.

"So, is there anything you need?" Cassandra asked as she sat down at the table and summoned a cup of tea.

"A massive energy source to power my Teleportation," Lex said between bites. He used spirit energy to coat his tongue and block his nose so he could avoid the taste. It seemed like Z hadn't thought of that yet. He was still too green.

"That's going to be you, by the way," he said, pointing at Cassandra. "But only for the second time around, when I'll be taking everyone with me. First, I'm going to do a test run, alone. I'm going to need a massive energy source for that as well, but that's exactly why I had you start feeding Lotus with energy so many months ago. He's going to act as my battery."

"You know, if you take me with you, I can help you," said Z. He had also made tremendous progress in the past few months, especially in terms of his cultivation, which wasn't even something they were focusing on. He was already near the peak of the Golden core realm.

Such a quick advancement made Lex concerned, but Cassandra assured him that it was a result of his evolution and it would not make his cultivation unstable.

"Thanks, but I have not practiced external support with my Teleportation. Now would be a bad time to test these things out. Now, I just have to make sure I'm in my best condition and I'll test it out. By the way, Z, block your senses using spirit energy. Much easier to eat all this that way."ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

After breakfast, Cassandra led him to a meditation chamber, similar to the meditation rooms at the Inn. It helped him calm himself down, let go of any nervousness, and build up his momentum.

With his state at its peak, Lex began testing the theory he had based all his prior actions on. Some time ago, Lex had received a quest to have the Midnight Inn be recognized by the Henali assembly. Upon completion of that quest, he received the Guest Registry.

The purpose of the registry was simple. His guests could sign it, and the registry would automatically judge the achievements they had in their lives, and then rank them.

The top 1000 guests could use the registry as a spatial anchor. There were greater rewards for the top 100, 10 and 1, and all of them seemed to be anchors of some kind. Back then, Lex did not understand what the anchors represented, though he had some theories.

Lex himself had occupied the top position in the registry for a very long time. He wasn't sure if he was still the top one, as he had not bothered to check. What was more important was that he still retained the registry as a spatial anchor.

An anchor served as a set of coordinates that he could sense regardless of where he was. But, more importantly, if he tried to move through space towards his anchor, it would be exponentially easier than a normal set of spatial coordinates.

He had tested out if he could feel the spatial anchor even though the Inn had stopped accepting guests, and indeed he could. Now, all he needed to do was use Teleportation and move towards his anchor.

Although theoretically it should be fine, according to the information he had read in the temple as well as the spatial affinity book - which he eventually gave to Z after reading.

Now, he just needed to put that theory to the test.

After meditating for a few hours, there came a certain point where Lex knew he was just procrastinating. He could not be more prepared than he was at that moment. He ate food that would boost him, and was wearing the suit that augmented his spatial control. He had a planet loaded up with energy on his back. Now all that was left was to actually do it.



Chapter 948 Test run

﻿﻿"Mary, I'm starting now. Keep track of time for me."

There was no longer any point in delaying. Lex closed his eyes and focused all his attention on sensing the spatial anchor. Since he now knew what to look for, and his affinity, perception and spatial control were all boosted beyond his max, it should be much easier now.

True to expectation, Lex was able to quickly feel a certain kind of pull towards a direction he could not sense. The pull did not have any force behind it, and was just there. But he could also tell that if he channeled any energy into that feeling, the force of the pull would become significant.

For the sake of security, he spent some time feeling the pull, ensuring that the connection did not randomly disrupt, and that he was sure that it really was the registry. After several hours, when he was sure that the connection was stable, he began.

In the way that he had been doing almost every day for the past few months, he focused in on the 'coordinates' he wanted to Teleport to, and activated his ability. The only difference was that, as an anchor, the 'coordinates' provided him with some extra help.

Everything was familiar. Everything was following the same process he had been through thousands of times.

Space unfolded around him, as if opening up to let him into a deeper layer, usually closed off. Time seemed to fade alongside the effects of gravity. His body, just a moment ago, sitting in the meditation chamber, entered a strange place without color.

When traversing through space, it did not matter if one was sitting or standing. What was more important was the incredibly thin layer of protection around the body which was a part of the Teleportation ability which protected the user from the chaotic influence of the deeper layers of space.

But the effects of that protection were limited, which is why long range teleportation is not recommended for low leveled cultivators.

This early into the journey Lex felt nothing. Instead, he focused solely on the anchor and its pull. Teleportation was thought to be instantaneous, but that was not the case. Some of the perception was due to the strange behavior of time whilst teleporting, while the rest was because it was usually very fast. But when traveling such an absurd distance of no doubt countless galaxies, it would still take a long time.

Lex did not know why the Inn could always provide seamless and quick teleportations, his level was not so high yet. All he knew was that currently his ability seemed to be working. The drain on his spirit energy was not monumentally massive. The greatest expenditure happened at the initiation of the ability, while only a small amount was used up to maintain the ability while it was happening.

But as time went by, regardless of how much was going by since Lex could not tell, his levels started to deplete. It was expected, and he was ready.

Lotus began supplementing him with energy, and the teleportation continued uninterrupted.

Then, for the first time, Lex experienced natural spatial turbulence. It was absolutely horrible and was much worse than anything Cassandra had put him through. But his resilience was not to be underestimated, and he withstood it without much actual harm.

Then, without warning, the ability ended, and Lex fell on the floor, the effects of gravity too much for his exhausted body.

He had not even felt the strain on his body while he was teleporting, but as soon as it ended, the entire exertion hit him all at once like a bus. He tried to pick himself up, but found his arms completely drained of energy.

He looked around with squinted eyes as he got used to light and colors again, and found himself lying in the lobby of the Midnight manor. It seemed to be night outside, and no one was around.

But he was back at the Inn! He had done it! Here, he didn't need to use his body. Instantly, his body disappeared, reappearing in his new luxury apartment, inside his personal Recovery pod.

"Mary, how long did it take?" Lex asked in his mind, for his body was genuinely too drained to obey him at the moment.

"You began your teleportation four days ago."

In his mind, Lex fist pumped. It was possible. If he did it once, he could do it again, and this time with the others. It would by no means be an easy or pleasant experience, but he was confident in bringing everyone across alive.

After that, if they were weak or wounded, they could enter the Recovery pods, like he had. Regardless, the main pressure of teleportation would be borne by him, no one else.

"Mary, I'm going to rest for a bit. If I don't wake up before then, wake me up in a couple of days. I can't waste too much time."

Even without thinking about it, Lex used the divination protection technique and allowed himself to fall asleep. The sleep that followed was deep and extremely restful. Even though the temple had been great, there was just something about being home that it could not replace.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

As it turned out, for once, Lex did not need Mary to wake him up. His body had grown much stronger and his recovery had improved as well. That, alongside the aid of the Recovery pod, meant that he was ready to go back in just under ten hours.

Before returning to the temple, Lex deposited the missiles back in their place, as well as all the weapons he had been carrying around with him. It was not exactly the best idea to go on risky trips through space carrying around extremely volatile weapons that made even Cassandra nervous.

It had been so long, he felt a little reluctant to leave the Inn. But he had an important task, so he could not delay. In a single instant, he teleported back to the temple. It was time to bring everyone back with him this time.



Chapter 949 Teleportation I

As much as he hated to admit it, the air quality in the temple surpassed the Inn. So did the quality of energy. It was rare that he would leave the Inn and not miss its soothing environment, but the temple was an exception to that. For now.

There were many other things that the temple did better than the Inn as well, but only one of them interested Lex at the moment.

Mateo's projection appeared in front of him, looking relieved. It had been many days since Lex disappeared and they were starting to get worried.

"Everything alright?" he asked, surveying his body to see for any missing limbs. They were all there.

"Yes. It took almost four days to complete the teleportation, and I suffered from extreme physical fatigue afterwards, to the point where I could not even pick myself off the ground."

"Come on, let's get you checked out first," Mateo said, not even waiting for Lex to complete his story, causing the baby to chuckle. It was clear that the projection was extremely worried about him.

But he had the same idea. The medical facilities of the temple were much better than the Inn's, and so would be able to better diagnose him if there were any issues.

The place that Lex had teleported to was one of the natural entrances of the temple, which is where the rest of the workers had arrived as well when they did. This was likely a result of Lex's subtle tweaks to the system's teleportation rules, which would only teleport people to where they had the authority to be.

Regardless, because of his location of arrival, Lex got to see countless workers, sitting and resting all throughout the halls. Since they would be departing soon, and would need to be in peak physical condition for that, their training had come to a close.

Although most of them did not have training as strenuous as Lex's, they also didn't have his resilience and mental toughness. They were exhausted, and it would take more than an empty schedule for them to recover.

But they were in good moods at least. Tired as they were, they all had satisfied expressions on their faces. Each and everyone of them felt that they had done justice to the opportunity the Innkeeper had given them, for they were far stronger than when they had arrived.

Instead of taking Lex to one of the medical facilities deeper within the temple, they made do with a nearby one first.

It was not as if the return was going to happen right now anyway. Something like that needed meticulous planning and preparation, which would give them plenty of time to ensure Lex also returned to his peak. That was also why Lex began his trail nearly 6 weeks before the new realm was born, as it would give him plenty of time to come over.

Cassandra and Z, who already anticipated the location of his arrival, soon joined them as Lex underwent extremely thorough examinations.

Regardless of any injury he may suffer, Lex knew he would recover to full health eventually. But for the massive task that lay ahead, they could take no risks as well.

"At a glance it seems like you've recovered," Cassandra stated. "But your meridians have wrinkled a bit due to the massive amounts of energy they parsed. Your physical stamina has also reduced by 30% temporarily. We can fix that. Tell me any other issues you faced. We can prepare for them ahead of time." Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Elaborating on his travel experience did not in any way create security risks for the Inn, so Lex informed her of his experience in detail.

Cassandra listened attentively, and began preparing preventative measures immediately for the next teleportation. Her clone, which was at the peak of the Nascent realm, was exponentially more powerful than regular Nascent realm cultivators, so she was going to help Lex during the teleportation anyway. But even so, the more they prepared, the greater their chances of success without an issue.

Over the next few days, Lex as well as everyone else got plenty of rest as they were meticulously brought to their theoretical peak condition by the temple.

Finally, a week after Lex had returned to the temple, all preparations were done, and the crowd of workers gathered in a specially prepared hall.

A massive teleportation formation had been drawn on the floor, with Lex sitting in the middle. Anyone familiar with formations would know that the most integral part of the formation was missing. That was because Lex would take over the role of that part of the formation.

The rest of the formation was simply there to assist Lex in bringing everyone with him, while doing its utmost to stabilize the journey as much as possible. This one would be a lot more turbulent than the one Lex took the first time, due to the number of people being taken.

But with the assistance of external support, mainly the formation, they should fare just fine.

It wasn't as if they hadn't considered taking multiple trips with a smaller number of people each time, but due to how much time they expected to spend teleporting all of them, they just wouldn't have the time for multiple trips.

The workers, who were all wearing a specific set of armor provided by the temple, took their spots in the formation. The arrangement was not random, as the strongest ones were on the outer edges while the weaker ones were closer to Lex.

This was designed so that they would not have to face the effects of turbulence as much.

"Everyone, get ready," said the baby, surrounded by over a hundred thousand people. "I will begin in ten minutes."

All the workers nodded, and took some medicine which had been provided to them, and then linked hands with one another forming a massive chain. Cassandra, who was the strongest, was right next to Lex, and was the last link in the chain.

The reason she was next to him instead of being outside was because she needed to fuel Lex's ability with her own energy, which would require physical contact.

Lex opened his eyes, and began.



