Chapter 890 Half a Deity Slayer

﻿﻿Lex had already realized that everything he had accumulated was not necessarily for the best. He used to think that gaining more affinities was beneficial, and while it was to an extent, the price was similarly steep. The worst part was, Lex had so many affinities that as of right now he could not even capitalize on the benefits they should have provided him.

So now he was stuck with the price without gaining any of the benefits. It was as if he bought a hundred manual cars, the bank had sent him the bill with a deadline, but he did not even know how to move his legs, let alone drive!

To be honest, he was navigating his cultivation without proper or systematic guidance, and he often came in contact with amazing opportunities so he could not be blamed for always trying to grab onto them. But it seemed that, sometimes, it was better to give up those opportunities than latch onto them.

He listened to the projection seriously as he was about to discuss the matter regarding his divinity. He did not know why he put so much faith in the projection - it was as if something deep inside of him did not doubt a single word he said, despite the fact that he kept being looked down on.

"If you were anyone else, I would guide you to the path of divinity. There is a predefined, systematic way in which you can transition from cultivating yourself to cultivating divinity. The benefits you get on the path of divinity are tremendous. Not only can you grow your strength at an incomparable speed, but you can also avoid the traditional tribulations you would have to experience.

"Moreover, compared to the average cultivator, a deity is always more powerful and is a lot more versatile. They are also harder to kill, and have longer lifespans. At a glance, it seems like there are only endless benefits and no drawbacks. But the truth is, to someone incredibly talented, such as yourself, the divinity path is a leash, holding you back from fulfilling your true potential.

"First of all, as a deity, your life-force will be inextricably linked to your believers. That means, regardless of how strong you are, if someone targets your believers and kills them all, and your associated belief vanishes, you are at risk of certain death or, at the very least, a severe drop in power! That's because deities don't absorb energy in the normal way. They absorb divine energy channeled to them through their believers.

"Your growth will also be linked to the growth of your associated belief or beliefs. You will also be inevitably trapping yourself, for a deity can only travel either where his or her belief exists, or in special areas filled with divine energy so that it can sustain their existence.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"Although saying such a thing is being too hopeful, deities also have an upper limit to their growth, after which, regardless of how much their belief grows, they will not grow fundamentally stronger. While that limit is too far from you, and there is no guarantee you will ever even reach it, you at least have the potential to do so.

"Much more importantly, someone with the opportunities that you have definitely has the potential to surpass deities on the same level. There is basically no reason for you to make such a transition.

"But the issue is, there are already two distinct traces of divinity on you, and they are both strong enough to be detected. That means that there are two separate beliefs forming around you or your actions, and that your body has already received some of the associated divine energy and begun to form a shell of your divinity. Fortunately, someone or something seems to have absorbed all the divine energy instead of letting it store in your body.

"Despite having an affinity for divinity, if divine energy harnessed from a specific belief begins to store within your body, it will be like poison in your system. It will directly clash with the spiritual energy in your body, and put you at great risk for cultivation deviation! That is why my suggestion to you will be to remove both of those from your body.

"But worry not. Removing them does not mean you will lose out on benefits. Instead, you'll be able to use them even better than you currently can! The divinity will be moved from you to an iconic or symbolic item, which you can then bond with. The items will continue to grow stronger as the belief grows, and can become exceptionally strong weapons or tools if the belief reaches a sufficient level!

"Speaking of bonds, we have completely skipped discussing your bonds so far. There's a reason for that. Typically, bonded items and creatures don't directly increase your own strength. While you have some… unusual bonds, that seems to be the case for you as well. I would not recommend bonding to too many items or beings until you reach the immortal level.

"However… there are still some things we still need to discuss regarding your bonds. I… you, eh, the bond you have with the World Seed Lotus… That is quite an unusual bond, not to mention it is in a partial state. If we can study it, or if you can explain the details to me, we may be able to use this to give you a major boost quite quickly. It can even help in restraining the deity.

"The same is the case with the Fenrir. Actually, Fenrir's are particularly potent against deities, so if it is strong enough, it could be extremely useful. Though, since the temple is focused on human development, I cannot help you strengthen the Fenrir.

"Actually, if your Dragon Treasure spirit has been close to any real dragons, and has absorbed some of their aura, then that could be useful as well. It's almost like you're already halfway into being a Deity Slayer on your own!"

Occasionally missing content, please report errors in time.



Chapter 891 Speculations I

﻿﻿While the projection and Lex were discussing his immediate training plans, the major forces who had gathered outside the Temple of Fasting were waiting patiently for the cosmic cloud to be completely absorbed. At the current rate of absorption, only a few more hours remained.

What would happen after that was a mystery, but many were hoping that the temple doors would open and they would get a chance to peek into its mysteries. Of course, there were many theories around, but theories and rumors alone were not enough to dissuade the major players of the realm from their actions.

Even a Henali stood out in space and watched quietly from a distance. While usually, with a robe covering its body, a Henali would look like a scorpion without its pincers, the one in space wearing battle armor looked quite different.

None could see the 20 eyes hidden all over its body, as the eyes and scales were both covered by a firm, curved sheet of metal that served as a chest plate. Yet two massive wings, which it normally kept retracted and hidden under robes, were fully extended, escaping the confines of the armor as if they needed no protection.

Such a sight, of an eight-legged, two winged creature with a massive stinger for a tail, any who saw it tremble and pale. Compared to dragons, who directly oppressed others with its aura, Henali struck fear into the hearts with just its appearance as a predator!

But at the same time, there were many who could suppress that fear, or simply knew better about the situation. Dragons, deities, devils, elves, angels and more had gathered together, and even more watched from afar.

Rocketfellow happened to be one of those who was watching from afar. His dark room was empty now, as all the other viewers had departed. The zealot had given a good, entertaining performance, and the sight of a human pinning down a deity was quite refreshing, but none of them could wait around for months for a final resolution. Besides, a majority of the battalion had already escaped, so what did it matter if one or two of them died in the void, or somehow made it into the temple?

But Rocketfellow did not think the show was over. No, instead he had spent the last few months thinking about what really happened, and what this all meant. In the final moment, right as his formations around the planet were destroyed, he detected a curse hidden deep inside the planet being set free.

Shortly after, this mysterious Temple of Fasting appeared. What did it mean? Clearly, it meant that he was in even less control than he thought. The Innkeeper knew exactly what he was doing, and like he was using the zealot as a scapegoat, the Innkeeper used him as a scapegoat to reveal this temple.

Rocketfellow had no doubt whatsoever that Lex and Z had made it inside the temple somehow. After all, if this were the Innkeepers plan from the very beginning, then he must want something from it.

But what did that mean for Rocketfellow? Was he to continue his efforts? Was that also a plan of the Innkeeper? How deep did this ploy go? Should he leave while he was ahead, or should he keep trying to get his hands on one of the Midnight Inns workers?

The others did not know this, but being the child of a Dao Lord actually meant very little. Even he did not know how many siblings he had, and how many of them had died and how many had lived. Everything that he had right now, his power, position, recognition, were all gathered by his own efforts!

Not only did he have to arrange for his own forces, he had to watch out for his father's enemies, and even his own siblings! He needed every possible extra edge, and gaining a truly sublime raw material for demons in the form of Midnight Inn workers would go a long way, farther than anyone realized.

Just as he was planning and plotting, another devil appeared behind him, unbeknownst to him!ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Young master, the lord has summoned you," the devil whispered, his voice filled with a sense of respect he had never heard before.

Rocketfellow trembled from the core of his being! He could count the number of times he had met his father on a single hand, so the fact that he was being summoned now was a huge deal!

He did not hesitate at all and immediately stood up. He followed the mysterious devil through a portal to Garvitz, the largest realm controlled by devils!

A number of helpers were standing awaiting Rocketfellow's arrival, and as soon as he appeared, they began to prepare him. He wore a special kind of armor and clothing that would ensure that he did not immediately die in case his father showed a minor fluctuation in aura.

Even though a Dao lord could control their aura perfectly, no level of precaution was too little when facing a being of such a high level. Bundled up like a newborn baby about to enter the freezing cold, the devil was finally led to the room where he was to meet his father.

Yet the moment he entered, he saw not only his father but also the Dao Lord Ballom!

"Greetings, seniors," Rocketfellow said as he kneeled immediately and turned his gaze to the floor. One must not look at a Dao Lord without permission. With his own father, he could have some leeway with such matters, but definitely not with another!

"No need to kneel, child. Come, sit. You have impressed me," spoke his father in an amiable tone. Clearly, he was in a very good mood!

Rocketfellow did not try to be humble or reject the invitation. Once a Dao Lord said something, only those with a death-wish would try to negate it.

Rocketfellow could not help but think of the contrast. He had met the Innkeeper a few times, but for some reason each time he forgot the deep-seated reverence he was supposed to feel, as well as the fear. The warmth of the Innkeeper naturally made it so one would be comfortable in his presence.

Until this very moment, he had never noticed how easily the very presence of a Dao Lord could affect his mentality and thought process.



Chapter 892 Speculations II





?Without saying a word, or any superfluous actions, Rocketfellow walked up to his father and sat down beside, exactly where he had pointed to earlier. Even still, his gaze was towards the ground as he dared not look up without instruction.

"Can you guess why it is that I have called you here?" his father asked casually. The Dao Lord was seated right beside him, left leg resting on his right knee, his arms spread wide on the arch of the sofa.

Ballom, the other devil Dao Lord, was standing across the room sipping a drink, smiling similarly. Whatever the occasion was, it was a good one.

"Does it have to do with my actions against Midnight?" Rocketfellow asked, aware that in truth it could be absolutely anything. But in this particular instance, he was right.

"Indeed. Do you know what that temple is?"

"According to what I've learned, it is the Temple of Fasting."

"Correct again. Do you know who that temple belongs to?"

"I have not been able to get a definitive answer."

"Nor will you," answered Ballom, interjecting in the conversation.

"I must say, I am embarrassed," the Dao Lord continued. "I have met the Innkeeper a few times now. He even hinted to me that there is much hidden within the Origin realm. But I foolishly searched in the unknown parts of the realm, and discovered nothing. Who knew that what was hidden was in plain sight. In fact, much more may still be hidden in the Origin realm. The reason he so blatantly unveiled the cover behind this temple was to send a message, to me, but more importantly, to the Henali as well."

The Dao Lord chuckled as he approached and sat down as well.

Ballom continued, "did you know, child, that the Henali once summoned the Innkeeper to a conference. He was displeased with their tardiness so he left. The Henali blackmailing him into participating in the war must have displeased him even further, or he would not have used you to draw the curtain and unveil his background just a bit."

Rocketfellow's heart was thumping fast as he tried to wrap his head around everything. The Innkeeper used him? Was the whole thing the Innkeepers plan? But, in his mind, he was planning everything from the start! He was even trying to be clever, but as it turns out, he was just following the path the Innkeeper laid out for him.

Devils rarely ever got goosebumps. Instead, they would shift from their dormant form into their devil form instinctively when they felt such strong emotions. Rocketfellow, too, began to subconsciously shift, but his father placed a hand on his shoulder and stopped the transformation.

"Do you know why he made the announcement in such a public way? Do you know why we specifically brought you here to talk about it?" his father asked, his voice still quite pleasant.

"No," he managed to answer without stuttering. Rocketfellow felt like a puppet. Were any of his actions ever his own? Was every thought he ever had a result of the will of a Dao Lord?

"Fret not, child. You have my aura on you. A Dao Lord will not touch you, especially one as amicable as the Innkeeper. He merely guided you a bit, not because of anything else, but because he wanted to send the message to me, Ballom and those from our group. He wanted to let us know of his affiliation with… with her, one of mankind's greatest backers. At the same time, he used his background to threaten the Henali.

"He was not even afraid to do it publicly, because as soon as the temple disappears, all memory of it will vanish. Only Dao Lords will remember it. That is also the reason we called you here, to make sure that your memories would not change, and you would understand that, as of now, we are in the same camp as the Innkeeper. In the future, you will be the messenger between the Innkeeper and us. As for these foolish games of capturing his people, you better put them to rest. What he did to Ra in a single move is not so simple, even for a Dao Lord."

Rocketfellow was doing his best to keep his mind from reeling as he understood the scale of the game that he had unwittingly entered.

"Who - who is 'she'?" he managed to ask, knowing full well it was a pointless question the answer to which he would soon forget.

"Who else backs up the humans, and all humanoid races, so openly in the realm wars? It is Nuwa…" Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

*****

In the Void behind space, right in front of the Temple of Fasting, stood Ripley, the auditor from the Versalis bank. He was writing something on his clipboard when the temple finally consumed the entire cosmic cloud, and then disappeared.

It happened instantly, and without any fanfare. At the same time, all record of the temple having been there was wiped across the entire realm. Only in the memory of a few beings, as well as on the paper attached to his clipboard, was the mention of the temple retained.

For a few seconds, Ripley did nothing, and continued to stare at the place the temple had just been.

Eventually, he could not help but sigh, and he took out a special device that linked him back to the local branch.

"Please forward my initial audit review. The mortgage agreement for the Origin realm needs to be renegotiated. I don't doubt the Henali's capability to stick to the agreed terms, or rather, their intention to stick to it. But unless all Dao Lords in the realm swear an oath to keep information about the temple a secret, it won't be long before the Origin realm enters the realm wars. At this rate… I doubt the realm will have time to mature. A new plan needs to be drawn up."

Ripley sighed. Being assigned to this realm was supposed to be his vacation. Why were things so inconvenient for him?



Chapter 893 Bonding Uranus





?Lex finally stepped off the platform and followed the projection to another room while he considered his future plans. Killing Ra seemed like the most urgent matter. Since they already had a vendetta, Lex did not want to see him becoming stronger, so it seemed that for now his objective was aligned with the projections.

To reach Ra, according to the projection, Lex would have to go through approximately 8 tests, each one giving him access to deeper parts of the temple as well as more authority. The projection promised to reduce the difficulty of the tests to the best of its ability, making it easy for Lex to reach Ra.

But apparently, the deity had regained some of its strength by plundering the various divinities hidden in the temple, so Lex would not have such an easy time facing it as last time.

What to do after he defeats Ra… Lex put that aside for now. Instead, he focused on his immediate plans. The projection had offered him guidance and aid in his training, and Lex could not really find a flaw with the plan, so he would go along with it for now.

"What's your name?" Lex asked the projection. "I'm Lex, by the way."

"Mateo," the projection answered simply. "I am one of the many caretakers of the temple. Unfortunately, in its current state, the rest of the caretakers are dormant. Even I would be dormant if you all had not entered."

"And there's not much you can tell me about the origin of the temple," Lex stated, as if he did not even need to ask.

"Sometimes, information can be more harmful than helpful. Since the temple was hidden, it was clearly done so for a reason. If you know too much about the temple, its enemies will sense it. Then… there is no then. You will cease to exist after that, since the temple will automatically kill you to protect its secrets."

Lex frowned. It seemed like things were more complicated than they appeared, but none of that mattered. Lex would eventually retreat to the Inn, and even if he wanted to continue using the temple afterwards, he could simply use it without looking into its secrets.

As Lex and Mateo talked, they passed through a myriad number of halls and rooms. The temple was absolutely massive, and Lex could not tell how far it would go.

Eventually they reached an internal teleportation pad, through which the two reached a new area entirely. While the previous section looked like a hostel, or living area, the place they had entered now looked more like a laboratory of epic proportions.

"It will take some time to prepare for the removal of your divinities," Mateo said, the lab coming to life around them. Certain machines which had not moved in an unknown number of years finally began to tremble, and others began roaring as they came to life. For a brief second, Lex felt a tremendous amount of energy accumulate in his surroundings before a shield covered the area, and the energy was suppressed.

"In the meantime, why don't you tell me about your bonds?"

Lex jumped up on a table so that he would be at eye level with Mateo, and took off his tiny shirt. He pointed to his back, which was plain and ordinary. But then, after a few seconds, a tattoo of a lotus began to appear.

"For certain reasons, the Lotus is accompanying me. But I never officially bonded with it, it just attached itself to my back. But earlier on, the tattoo never vanished. At the same time, it protected my back from any kind of damage. But lately, it has stopped negating the damage to my back, and often the tattoo disappears.

"Currently, the Lotus is asleep. It's helped me quite a few times, sometimes to heal me, and other times to refine my body. But doing so uses up its energy, so the Lotus has been sleeping a lot lately."

Mateo studied the tattoo for a while, as if his eyes alone were enough to understand its intricacies.

"Even if you did not bond the Lotus initially, because it has been so closely connected to you for so long, and it has helped refine your body so much, it has naturally developed a bond to you. But since neither of you have ever purposely tried to connect the bond, it is only partial. My recommendation to you is that you try to build the bond. In the short term, it will be tremendously beneficial to you. But in the long term, even the Lotus will benefit from it.

"When a World Seed Lotus blooms into a world, its consciousness will fall asleep, and eventually fade. The world will then gain a new sentience of its own. But if it is bonded with you, it can use that bond to help prevent it from falling asleep. That will naturally ensure that its consciousness is not replaced."

Lex frowned. Although there were about 499,999 years until the Lotus bloomed, he was already quite attached to it. The idea that it may die, or have its consciousness fade, was quite off-putting. But at the same time, he did not want to force or trick the Lotus into a bond like it had done with Pelvailin.

"I'll communicate with it to see if it is willing to form a bond," Lex said, informing the projection of his decision.

"Don't do it here. Follow me. There's a special room that facilitates bonding between humans and planets. Although the seed has not turned into a world yet, it qualifies for the same treatment." Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"There's a specific room for that? How often do people bond with planets?" Lex asked, astounded.

"It's pretty common, actually," Mateo said. "Even if the world does not gain sentience, when people become higher-level immortals, they get sentimental. They often bond with their home planets, and take them around with them."

"Right, of course. Because why wouldn't they?" Lex asked, his mind already filled with different ideas about going back to the solar system and bonding with Uranus when the time came.



Chapter 894 Boulder bath

﻿﻿Lex followed Mateo through the massive laboratory as it woke up from its ancient slumber. There seemed to be a noticeable lag in response, as certain doors opened after half a second, and the lights flickered on just a moment after they had already entered a room.

Lex did not mind, for it was acceptable for such things to be slowed down after such a long period of time. His only concern was what other issues might present when he began to actually use some of these facilities - such as a room designed to support the bonding of a planet!

Just as he was reconsidering his course of action, they reached the aforementioned room. It was… surprisingly mundane. It was square and barely 1000 square feet large (92 square meters). The walls were padded, but besides that the room lacked any other distinguishing feature.

In the very middle was a bathtub that looked like it had been carved out of a boulder and placed here. There was no other furniture there, or anything else for that matter. Lex failed to see how this could be a good room to build a bond, unless bathing had something to do with it.

As it turned out, it did.

"Wear this," the projection said, materializing a skintight gray suit. It had random bulges here and there, with something clearly hidden inside but Lex could not tell what it was. He eyed the projection curiously, but Mateo kept holding it out.

Lex grabbed it and began to undress, quickly changing into the unusual attire. It also came with a mask that was positively unflattering, but Lex put it on anyway.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"When you get in the tub, it will slowly fill with a certain liquid. You don't need to worry, it won't harm you, but you will feel like it will. You will feel a massive pressure weighing you down, but the suit you're wearing will keep you from getting hurt. Once your body is completely submerged, that is when I recommend that you wake up the Lotus and begin your conversation. I strongly suspect that the Lotus will agree once you share the information I have given you.

"The bonding process for the Lotus will be different. Here, take this. It records the technique you can use to maximize your compatibility while the bond forms. The process will be long, and you will get immediate feedback due to the bond. The Lotus will also use your body to absorb the liquid, which will once again put a lot of pressure on you, but do not be alarmed as you will be perfectly safe throughout."

Lex grabbed the memory crystal the projection held out, and scanned it with his spirit sense. The technique was simple enough, and he learnt it after a single reading. He was not sure how intense the pressure Mateo mentioned would be, but Lex was fairly confident in himself. A tiny body though he may have, it did not in any way diminish his strength.

The only thing that left him somewhat concerned… was that Mateo had mentioned that sentimental immortals bonded planets. Was it safe for him to do so while he was in the Golden core?

Lex put those thoughts out of his mind and lay down in the tub, barely occupying 10% of it with his tiny body.

"I am reminding you once again, do not be concerned. It's some pressure, but your suit will protect you. Your mask will allow you to breathe normally. Just relax your mind, and focus on the lotus and the bond. Ignore everything else."

Mateo repeatedly telling him not to be concerned did not raise any flags at all for Lex. After all, it was exactly when there was nothing to be concerned about that one usually said not to worry!

Lex had closed his eyes and focused on his breathing, yet the moment the liquid entered the tub and touched Lex, he knew why Mateo kept reminding him. The liquid, which seemed to seep out of the boulder itself, was piercing cold to the touch, but that was not the issue.

The issue was that as soon as a single drop of it touched his body, Lex felt as if a mountain had been smashed onto him! The liquid was barely touching him, and had not even submerged him yet, but Lex felt a pressure greater than he had ever felt! Even the crushing might of the Void that hud turned him into a meatball could not compare to the pressure. Then another drop of liquid touched Lex, and the pressure doubled!

Lex tried to move his body, to determine if he could move at all, and to his great relief found that there was no obstruction in movement. The fact that he could move his body, even after being under such immense pressure, indicated that the effect was psychological rather than physical. After all, he would not be able to move if he really had been under such pressure.

It felt like Lex had been buried deep underground and thousands upon thousands of tonnes of soil and been dumped atop of him. After that a couple of mountains had been dropped on him as well. Maybe a few nuclear and hydrogen bombs were blown up above him as well just for good measure.

Reigning in his thoughts that seemed somewhat panicked after the initial surprise, Lex waited for his body to be submerged so that he could wake up the Lotus.

What he didn't know was that Mateo was flabbergasted upon noticing that Lex could actually move!

This liquid weighed 1000 tonnes per drop, and had the unusual property of affecting gravity of anything it touched. That meant that even if the drop was under Lex, he would feel the pressure as if it was atop him. The weight of his liquid could even be felt in zero gravity areas, such as space, that is how unusual it was.

He had not expected Lex to be able to move under the weight of even one drop, but he seemed fine even after a few of them were touching him!



Chapter 895 Weight gain

﻿﻿While Lex had misunderstood the situation, assuming that the pressure he felt was not real, Mateo knew better. Without the suit he was wearing he would have died under that pressure. But as surprising as Lex's situation was, Mateo too was not someone ordinary. His experiences and background afforded him an understanding and comprehension that few had.

He recalled Lex's many abilities and affinities, and immediately joined the dots. Lex had an unusual affinity for Laws. Not any one specific law, or multiple laws, but just laws in general. He could physically touch that which had no physical form, and influence that which defined the fabric of reality.

Given this, it was not surprising that the gravity and pressure laws in the liquid could not hold Lex down. After all, his body was naturally affecting the very laws holding him down. He could just move them aside, though technically that is not how it worked.

"I'll need to reevaluate his training plan," Mateo murmured. He could not imagine how anyone outside the temple could make such a freak. The temple of fasting was one of the places where, in ancient times, humans would come to endure hardship and improve themselves. The more they could endure, the greater their attainments would be. Some of the humans personally guided by Lady Nuwa achieved even greater qualifications than Lex.

But that was due to the ladies' intervention. How could someone reach such a state without her aid and guidance?

Lex and Z must have a terrifying background.

As Mateo was contemplating his plans, Lex managed to enter a state where he completely ignored the pulverizing pressure crushing his very being. It was easier than expected, mostly due to the fact that Lex had been thoroughly training his mind. Now, even with his instincts screaming impending doom, Lex could calm himself down completely.

In fact, he did not waste his time while the liquid accumulated. At its current rate, it would take a couple of hours, so Lex began to cultivate. Ordinarily, one would need a very calm environment to cultivate, but for Lex it was not so. The more diverse situations he encountered, the more his technique could allow him to grow, and prepare him for various situations.

Right now, facing a pressure greater than even that of the Void but not taking any actual harm, Lex entered such a state that his technique started to prepare his body to tolerate such extreme environments.

Moreover, his body began to absorb minute amounts of the liquid. Besides its exaggerated weight, the liquid contained more energy than anything Lex had ever encountered. Not even the Blue Crystal Essence that the Lotus had once absorbed long ago could compare. After all, this liquid was fuel for the construction of a living, thriving world after all! The value of the liquid surrounding him could only be measured in the millions of MT, not even MP!

Of course, that was not important. The most important thing was… though Lex's body was tiny, the moment it absorbed even a microscopic speck of the liquid, his weight took a massive jump! Naturally his defense also increased monumentally, to the point where it rivaled, if not crossed the level Regal Embrace would have had at his current cultivation level. But that was a gradual process which could not be rushed.

Mateo naturally noticed Lex absorbing the liquid and his eyes wavered. This liquid was meant to be for celestial bodies such as planets and stars, not humans! But seeing as how Lex did not explode, he said nothing. It seemed the temple had been in hiding for too long, so Mateo was out of touch with contemporary cultivation.

A couple of hours later, Lex's tiny body was completely submerged though the tub was far from full. But that was enough for now. Lex could at least begin the process.

His spirit sense extended to his back and touched upon the sleeping consciousness of the Lotus. Gently, Lex nudged the Lotus, trying to rouse it from slumber. It took a few tries, but Lex eventually felt his tattoo warming up. It seemed that as the Lotus awoke, it automatically absorbed some of the liquid to replenish its energy.

"Wow, what's going on? I feel great!" the Lotus exclaimed, its voice full of energy and vigor!

The image of a young boy enthusiastically flexing his biceps popped in Lex's mind as he heard the Lotus' voice.

"My body is submerged in a special liquid to provide you with some energy. I'm about to ask you a very important question, so the liquid is in preparation for that."Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

"What's the matter?" the Lotus asked, though it was completely distracted. Underneath Lex's skintight suit, his tattoo was slowly moving across his skin, as if it was a young child playing in the bathtub for the first time.

When that thought occurred to Lex, he realized that technically, a majority of his workers were technically newborn babies. Given that, it only seemed fitting that Lex too now looked like a baby.

He pushed away the random thought and focused back on the Lotus.

"I have been informed that once you bloom, and form a planet, you will fall into a deep sleep, and eventually be replaced by a new consciousness. But if we create a bond, I'll be able to help you retain your consciousness, and overcome that obstacle. That way you will continue to live on as the new world."

The Lotus, which was dancing along excitedly just a moment earlier, stopped. Lex thought the news had shocked the Lotus, until it said, "I know. That's how it's supposed to be."

Lex tried to bite his lip, but his new teeth had barely emerged from his gums so it was harder than it seemed.

"I don't know if you're aware, but the Inn will be forming a new realm in a year. When that happens, it will be filled with extraordinary energy. I plan on being there for that, so you will likely absorb a lot of it as well. I don't know how that will affect you, but I think it will definitely speed up your blooming process. If you can continue to live, I don't see a reason for you to give up so easily."

"But… but…" the Lotus was having a tough time putting words to its thoughts. It was filled with both elation, and a certain dread.



Chapter 896 Bonding

﻿﻿Lex could not see the Lotus with his eyes, but sensing it with his spirit sense was almost the same. In fact, to a degree, it allowed him to see the Lotus a lot better, and detect minor details he would have missed if he relied on ordinary eyesight.

Usually, in his interactions with the Lotus, he was the one in need of help. At times like that, the Lotus presented itself very maturely and competently, making Lex forget that it was a newborn. Actually, technically, it wasn't even born yet. It was the human equivalent of being in the womb.

Now that the issue regarded the Lotus itself, it was filled with hesitation and doubt. The previous confidence it was equipped with seemed gone, and in its place there was uncertainty and hesitation.

"What are your concerns?" Lex asked, softly. "Let's talk through it."

"It is my purpose!" the Lotus exclaimed, as if that itself was enough to explain things to Lex. "My purpose is to prepare as best as possible to give birth to the best world possible. If I evolve and grow, all the better. Since I am taking your help in fulfilling my purpose, then it is only natural that I reward you as well. Plus it is an honor to serve the needs of the Midnight Inn!"

The Lotus, like every other entity naturally born in the Inn, was an Inn employee by default. Only if guests gave birth, or left behind certain items that would give birth, would the newborn not automatically be an Inn employee. That explained its compulsion to help Lex, to a degree.

But Lex was quickly understanding its mindset. It was unfortunate that for something that had accompanied him so long, he understood it so little. He did not even ask for a name and simply stuck to calling it Lotus, but it felt odd to call it anything else now. Either way, it couldn't be helped since the Lotus spent most of its time asleep. They didn't really get much of an opportunity to talk.

"But once my job is complete, if I remain alive, I will be left without a purpose. Alive for nearly an eternity, all without a purpose… I… I…" the Lotus could not complete its sentence, as the mere thought was giving it a panic attack.

Lex could sense the inherent desire to live within the Lotus, but it was firmly accompanied by its sense of duty that led it to fulfill its task that would ultimately lead to its death in normal situations. Such a mindset was probably needed or else lotus' of this race would always avoid maturing since that would set them up for death.

But this was easy enough to fix. Of all it needed was a purpose, Lex could provide it with one. But providing a purpose sincerely, and one that wouldn't just take advantage of it needed him to think a bit. Although the lotus was supremely helpful, Lex thought of it as a close friend, and didn't want to take advantage of it. At the same time, he didn't want the lotus to die.

He had already thought of a loophole he could use to return to the Inn before the new realm was born. If Lex had to guess, there was a 50% chance of it being successful. In that case, the special energy of a newborn realm would no doubt help the lotus a lot, as well as his other employees and whichever guests remained.

"Growing into a planet is your base function. It is what you are designed to do from birth. But do you know, the things I was designed to do from birth are not even 1% of what I can do now. I have grown beyond myself, beyond imagination even, by cultivating.

"Sometimes, I wonder if this is the same life I'm living. If my memories are even real. How is it that in the same life, there was once a time where I used to wake up at 7 am to start getting ready, and go to college and study? That I used to spend hours of my life worrying about homework and tests and exams? How is this the same life where I used to work bad jobs for hours so I could afford to eat at one of my favorite restaurants on the weekend and be lavish and carefree for just a couple of hours?"

Lex paused, as if he got lost in his memories. Although they sounded harsh and depressing, he still looked back at them fondly. Even in the simplicity of it, he had lived a good life. Now, though, it was just more… well, it was just more.

"Cultivation has allowed me to transcend what I could even conceive. Your purpose is to give birth to a world, but why limit yourself to that? Why not cultivate as well? Why not give birth to an entire star system? What about a galaxy? What about a realm? What about… what about an entire universe?

"If you can manipulate energy to create a world, why can you not do more? That's one purpose, I think. To test the limits of what you can achieve, and set a new standard for your species. Besides, if you stay alive, you can accompany me longer. It might sound selfish, but I wouldn't mind having a friend with me wherever I go. I have a whole universe to explore, and I don't think there are enough lifetimes to explore all of it. Isn't it exciting to imagine what could be out there?"

The lotus, which had been panicking so far, suddenly paused. It contemplated Lex's idea, testing them out in its mind as one would taste an unfamiliar dish, trying to determine if you liked it or not.

"Is… is hanging out with a friend… even a good purpose for life?" the Lotus asked, curiously.

"Of course it is!" Lex answered firmly. "It's the best purpose, in my opinion at least. In fact, not only is it the best purpose, but spending time and enjoying it with your friend is perhaps the greatest celebration of life there is! It is both a purpose for life and a celebration of it!"

Lex felt that his words were swaying the lotus' mind, which was good because he meant it. Besides, after spending so much time with the lotus, he felt attached. He would be sad if it died one day.

There was a silence between them that seemed to continue on for an indiscernible amount of time. It could have been mere seconds, but with the weight of all of existence crushing Lex, it felt like an eternity.

But the silence was eventually broken by the Lotus.

"I just checked," Lotus said. "I cannot alter myself to form anything other than a world."

"But does that stop you from growing once you've already become a world?"

"I… I don't know. I don't think it's ever been tried before."

"Then why don't you try it? Even if you don't like my previous suggestions, carving out a new and better path for your entire race, and allowing them to reach new peaks, is an extremely noble purpose as well."

Lotus trembled, as if Lex's words were resonating with something deep inside of it. The idea of helping its race sounded noble, at the very least. It gave him just enough of a reason to get over his ingrained belief that he was supposed to die, at which point Lex's previous suggestion also began to affect it.

Lotus had helped Lex numerous times, and had felt the excitement that came when Lex helped him evolve. In a way, they really were friends, and Lotus did not want to abandon its friend. Although it believed that Lex would always have been fine without it, it liked being there to lend help. The thought of Lex alone, facing the dangers of the universe…Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Suddenly, the idea of creating a bond seemed extraordinarily appealing.

"Let's form a bond!" Lotus said with extreme conviction.

Baby Lex's cheeks had grown out a bit, seeming almost chubby. This had only happened after he absorbed some of the liquid he was surrounded in, so it was a new development. As a result, when Lex heard Lotus' words and smiled, he actually looked cute!

"Yes, let's…" he murmured, and began using the technique given to him by Mateo.

Outside, Mateo watched and was pleased to see the progress begin. He began planning for how to increase the benefits from this bond as much as possible, completely unaware of Lex's plans of helping Lotus grow into a world within a single year.

"He has a long time till the evolution occurs and he gets his second round of feedback. In a few hundred thousand years his cultivation should have progressed a lot, so there's no harm in boosting the lotus as well. Hmm, in that case, we can use the deities corpse, and the curse will do nicely as well…"



Chapter 897 Bonds





?Ignoring the weight of all existence, crushing down on him was much easier than it sounded. Lex was really too experienced in being uncomfortable, extremely comfortable, from being cooked alive to having no skin, to let some weight stun his mind - once he got over the initial shock. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

He was entirely focused on bonding with Lotus, and the process was longer than it had seemed. When Lex bonded with Pelvailin, he had to put in a lot of effort, but this required even more!

At least he did not need to supply the energy to facilitate the bond on his own, or else he would have gone broke. The liquid, which had by now filled half the tub, stopped increasing, and then eventually began to drain.

As Lex built the bond, Mateo explained the reasoning to him. The projection spoke not through spirit sense, which had the potential to distract Lex, but through some other means that touched a much deeper part of Lex's mind, automatically transmitting the information to him.

"The reason why so much energy is required to bond you with the lotus is because of the fundamental difference in life levels. This is not a difference that can be easily overcome by cultivation. Even if you became an Earth Immortal, the status difference between a single human and a planet that can support endless lifeforms, a myriad of environments and countless rare and exotic materials is just too great.

"This bond will not give you too many immediate benefits, as most of the energy is used in ensuring that you both are safe even after being connected by the bond. That means the bond is very complex! But it will give you some benefits, nonetheless.

"For one, your body will be able to tolerate any energy that a typical planet can tolerate. So that, for a human, means you will be able to absorb about 100 million more types of energies from the environment. In short, your cultivation speed will skyrocket!

"Second, it will be much harder to curse you, although it will also be much harder to augment you. It's a bit of a double-edged sword. But we can make use of this feature in your training, so don't worry.

"Third, and most importantly, you will experience a massive gain in status. Essentially, you're like a walking planet. So, you will become immune to many of a low level deities' abilities! I can sense that the deity in the temple is severely weakened and injured, even after its recovery, so suffice to say, you can benefit from this advantage.

"Fourth, and you will like this one, the sturdiness of your body will increase by a lot. This does not translate into actual sturdiness or defense, but as someone who wants to increase his spatial abilities, it will be tremendously beneficial to you.

"Fifth, your vitality will experience a massive boost. The lotus will benefit by being able to spend longer periods awake, and you will benefit by becoming much harder to kill. The fact that you already survived as meat-paste before this upgrade should mean you're practically unkillable in the same level.

"There are many more benefits you will get over time, but for now, we will actually focus on developing the lotus instead of you. This is because with your low cultivation level, you can not take full advantage of the boons you will receive. So, for now, it's more efficient to raise the level of the lotus so that when you finally do benefit from it, you can tolerate greater returns!'

From time to time, Mateo would talk to Lex in this manner. Although it was educational for Lex, the projections real purpose was to ensure Lex's mind remained stimulated lest he mess up the process.

If the bonding process was short, this may not have been necessary, but it took Lex nearly five days to absorb all the liquid and complete the bond!

It was strange, Lex immediately felt all the benefits Mateo informed him of. But, more importantly, he felt like there was a massive burden placed on him. This burden was not physical, but mental!

About 50% of his mental energy suddenly became occupied as it tried to grasp certain esoteric abilities and concepts that his body was exposed to. This was the first time a power up made him feel tired instead of energized.

Mateo immediately noticed the unusual expression on baby Lex's face. Despite now having cheeks that looked like dumplings, the subtle frown could be detected through the mountain of cuteness that was Lex's expression.

When Mateo asked Lex what was wrong, and he explained, the projection felt lost and confused. Nothing like this had ever been recorded before. It wasn't as if Lex was the first person to be bonded to something equivalent to a celestial body, so the process was well documented.

The projection suggested Lex get some sleep, which he agreed on. After being escorted to a nearby dorm room, Lex did not even hesitate to fall into bed and doze off. It seemed like he was extremely tired and even snored lightly.

Mateo made a note in his logs that perhaps having a baby's body had affected Lex somehow, and that the process would require further study.

In reality, his cultivation technique had made his mind extremely malleable in a way human brains just weren't. Even though he himself had not experienced it yet due to his low level, such a change would allow him to study laws more easily when he leveled up.

For now, though, it was allowing his brain to study some of the lotus' abilities on a subconscious level.

When Lex woke up, he was feeling much better, so they moved onto the next project: fixing Pelvailin!

Once again, Mateo provided him with a technique to help him repair the ring, as well as some very valuable material that could be used in its repair. It looked like honey, and did not seem too special even when Lex touched it.

But the moment Lex dipped the ring in it, he could feel its potency through his bond, and immediately began using the technique that would repair it.

"So you mean to tell me that an actual dragon - like a real life living dragon - had a part of its soul merged with a budding reassure spirit, was absorbed, and then resulted in this strange spirit-dragon amalgamation that believes it was a dragon in its previous life, but retains none of the arrogance or usual personality traits of a dragon?"

"Pel is quite timid actually," Lex said. "I'm still very careful not to make the ring too strong in case it can support the entirety of the dragon's soul, so no accidents happen, but no actual incidents have happened with the ring so far. Having a former Heavenly immortal with you is quite informative. I bet he even has a few ways I can fight the deity as well. Although the last time I fought Ra, I didn't really need the help."

Mateo was resisting the urge to rub its forehead as he absorbed this information. He had never felt threatened in his ability to guide someone before, but he was not so sure he could do better than a Heavenly immortal. After all, he was simply one of the floor managers at the temple. There were countless others like him.

"Well, that's good for us, at least," he said once he got over the shock. I will teach you a technique that will forcefully absorb the deity's aura into the ring, depriving him not only of his aura, but also any affiliated techniques. I know you said you can resist the usual pressure of a deity's aura, but do not underestimate their abilities. They are always more versatile than any other race. They can do more with their auras than even dragons."

"Yeah, but that won't overcharge Pel, will it? I don't want to risk giving too much power to a former Heavenly immortal. There's no guarantee that he suddenly won't flip his personality once he's strong enough."

"In the long term, it will. But not immediately. When it initially absorbs the aura, the spirit will actually be suppressed. Moreover, I will also give you another technique to strengthen your bond with the ring. Then it won't be so easy for it to rebel against you, should it ever decide to do so."

"I… well, let me look at the techniques. I'll decide for myself when I face Ra if I need to absorb his aura."

"Tell me more about your Fenrir. With such a rare pet, if you had gone down the path of Beast Master instead of cultivation, your progress would have been astounding. But even as it is, we can make use of it. You may not know this, but the original Fenrir was actually a deity! It somehow transitioned to the cultivators path, in ways that to this day remain a mystery, and ingrained all its previous divine powers into its bloodline. It's the universe's foremost race in hunting down deities and angels!"



Chapter 898 Curse





?"I always thought Fenrir's abilities were unusual," Lex said as he continued to focus on repairing the ring. "But why does a deity need so much stealth? I thought they would focus more on increasing their strength." Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"If your bonded Fenrir is unlocking stealth related abilities, it is only because that is the direction he is unlocking abilities from. That does not mean there are no abilities. The Fenrir I am talking about, the 'original' Fenrir was born in the Primary realm. Can you imagine a deity born in the first ever realm? A deity worshiped by Primordials? Do you know all the powers he had? No, you don't, because they are beyond your comprehension. But all you need to know is that even so, as a Deity with such immense power, it still transitioned to the cultivation path."

"Wow, Fenrir's ancestry is a lot grander than I thought," Lex said, genuinely admiring the pup. No wonder it was able to keep up with him in the same realm regardless of how ridiculous his own abilities became.

"Yes, now you know. What cultivation level is it at?"

"The same as mine," Lex answered offhandedly. "Our bond was special. Whoever has the higher cultivation level is supposed to pull along the other, but for certain reasons, Fenrir never seems to be able to surpass mine."

"Have you ever practiced any joint techniques? I know fusion is out of the question for you, but joint techniques could work very well for you."

Instead of answering the question, Lex looked up at the projection in surprise. There were joint techniques he could do with Fenrir? Why had it never occurred to him? Isn't that basically what the battalion's mech was? Since Fenrir and him were stuck at the same level, pretty much, and both of them were formidable within their realm, it should have occurred to him to take advantage of it more.

"I'll take that as a no. Well, I'm sad to say that based on our current schedule you won't be learning it any time soon. But once we've taken care of the deity, there's all the time in the world to improve in all the areas you are lacking. In fact, since you even have the appropriate cultivation technique, my suggestion is that afterwards you focus directly on reaching the Nascent realm, and we can begin your training then.

"We'll make you into an all rounder before your tribulations. You're… you're going to need the help."

"Don't underestimate how tough my body is," said Lex, though his voice was not loud. If the projection was helping him become stronger, he really should not complain about it.

When he finally repaired the ring, Pel did not immediately wake up, but that was more or less expected. Mateo gave him a strange liquid suspension in which to store the ring which would hasten the spirits recovery.

Lex popped Pel's ring in there, right before using some of the remaining honey to heal his spatial bangle and necklace. It would be bad if they randomly broke. Mateo did not know what was inside of them, for he could not look, but Lex was willing to bet he would not be so relaxed if he knew how close the container for over 20 Heavenly immortal realm attack level bombs was to breaking.

Mateo asked Lex to summon Fenrir so he could take a look at it. Lex was not so sure that the summoning would work, but it did. It was sending Fenrir back that became a problem.

But Lex was not discouraged. If anything, the fact that Fenrir could be summoned reinforced Lex's theory about how he would return.

After Mateo spent some time studying Fenrir, and then evaluating how strongly it liked or disliked Lex.

There was not much for the pup to do there since the temple was focused around training humans, not beasts. Moreover, Lex would not be working on his cooperation and coordination with him for now.

In the end, all it could do was follow them around groggily. Clearly it was sleepy.

"Now we can begin your training. But we're not going to start here. The higher your recognition at the temple, the more facilities we can use. Based on everything I've seen so far, I have full faith that you can probably cross all the tests with your existing power level as it is. Not that I've seen you fight or anything, but considering your other qualifications, I'd be surprised if you weren't.

"But we won't do that just yet. Instead, I will first have you pass the next four tests. I'll lower the difficulty just in case. At that point, you will need to undergo some training and preparation before you proceed."

The projection pulled up a 2D map of the temple, with a blue dot indicating their current location and a red one indicating where Ra was.

"Each level of the temple is barricaded, and only by having the proper authority can you officially move to the next one. The deity has used the fact that it can use divine energy to allow it to sneak past these barriers, and is currently working on the next one. I assume by the time we reach it, it will have most likely crossed the 7th barrier. The path you have to take is already marked.

"As you can see, the reason we're only going to have you cross the first four tests for now is because in the region that is unlocked by the fifth test resides the curse that accompanied you upon your arrival.

"That won't be much of a problem for you right now, since you can basically ignore low level curses, and resist mid to high level curses. But I don't want you to just skip it, but capture and subdue it. Don't think I'm taking advantage of you to do manual labor. If you can capture the curse, it can be useful to you later on."



Chapter 899 First test

﻿﻿Standing in front of a metal door, Lex felt a distinct lack of nervousness. The previous test he took which evaluated him was hardly a challenge. Even if what he was about to face was much harder, Lex was also much stronger than that.

In fact, if Mateo had not specifically stated that Ra had recovered his powers and was a challenge to face, Lex would have suggested directly just walking up to him and finishing the job he had left incomplete. But regardless of how awesome he felt about himself, Lex was not about to underestimate a deity!

Even though things had worked out last time, it was mostly because of how overconfident Ra had been in his own powers. Lex was not about to repeat Ra's mistake, which was why he was willing to train and improve himself.

Besides, it wasn't as if he had anything urgent going on at the Inn. As long as he returned before the transition happened in a year, he was good. But just to be safe, Lex gave himself a deadline of ten months.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

There was also the threat that whatever Ra did was somehow going to endanger the Origin realm, but for whatever reason, that threat did not feel too real to Lex. He did not feel the urgency that Mateo was trying to convey.

Maybe his prophetic instincts were acting up, or maybe Lex knew he himself would be safe since he was leaving the realm. But that last one did not sound much like him. He would not abandon everyone and run when the stakes were so considerably high. Even if he were not a hero, when it concerned the life of so many, he felt a sense of obligation. Or, he should have felt a sense of obligation according to his personality. But he didn't.

Maybe it was just because he had the body of a baby. Babies didn't really care about the end of the world.

He summoned forth the eight feet long massive sword and walked forward, prompting the metal doors to open automatically.

Mateo had told him that the tests would become progressively more complex and difficult, but the first one should be easy. It would be a one on one fight against an automated armor at the same realm as him. He'd already done that, so there was no suspense.

The temple was focused on nurturing humans in general, not just warriors, so there were other test formats. But Mateo told him to stick to the combat format for tests because that would affect the kind of authorities he would unlock.

Lex paused when he finally saw the suit of armor.

"Oh," he said, looking at its size. "That makes more sense."

The armor was still humanoid shaped. It even looked identical to the ones he fought earlier. The only difference was that it was massive. Standing at 30 feet (9.1 meters) the suit of armor looked a bit intimidating. It did not help that Lex was also smaller, so everything looked massive as it was.

"Let's get this over with," he said with a sigh.

"DO YOU WISH TO BEGIN?"

Words appeared in the air in front of him in a language Lex did not recognize, but could read anyway. Without hesitation Lex pressed the 'Yes' button, causing a red fire to appear in the helmet's eyeholes.

Lex did not wait for the armor to make the first move and launched himself at it and swung his sword. Lex had used his full strength and speed so he was expecting to decapitate it, but surprisingly the armor reacted fast enough, and bent backwards to dodge.

Using his affinity, Lex hardened space briefly, creating a platform for himself to jump off of while in mid air, and launched himself at the armor again. It still tried to dodge, but this time Lex was mentally prepared so his sword still nicked the helmet.

Due to the angle at which Lex had launched himself the second time, he immediately reached the floor the moment he crossed the armor so he had to land and roll forward to contain the impact of his landing.

By the time he turned back, the suit of armor had already leaped backwards to establish some distance between them and was pulling out its sword.

Lex smiled, as if slightly amused. The battle was not difficult, and the armor was not too strong or sturdy. But it was quick for its size if it could continue to dodge Lex's attacks despite its size.

If Lex stuck just to using his physical abilities it could take some time to finish, but he was confident he would win within the hour. Unfortunately for the armor, Lex began using his spatial affinity to warp the space around the suit, trapping it where it stood.

He could see how this would present a challenge to typical cultivators, but it could only provide him momentary amusement. Maybe if Mateo hadn't reduced the difficulty, it would be more fun.

The suit of armor immediately noticed the warping space and began to resist. Red lines began to appear on its armor, similar to the fire in its eyes, and it was clearly activating some kind of ability.

But before it could make any real progress, a baby appeared in front of it. Held down, the suit could not dodge, so a single strike was all it took for Lex to cleave it through the middle. Immediately the fire disappeared, and so did the armor's aura.

A congratulatory notification appeared in front of him, alongside the sound of celebratory bells. But Lex did not stick around to revel in his victory. Mateo had appeared to guide him to his next test. He still had three more to go through today, and the projection had promised that they would begin to get challenging soon.

A dim image of a sword appeared in his right eye, but quickly disappeared before Lex could notice or suppress it.



