Chapter 1030 Stunned

The rank 5 commissions didn't really require hunting the golden core beasts. There were two of them within the vicinity of the city, and their presence kept the entire ecosystem balanced. They were also smart enough to not challenge the city, though they would not hesitate to act out if anyone entered their territory.

The tasks involved stuff like collecting molted scales or getting blood samples. Regardless, it was easy enough for Lex to do. Even though he noticed that the Golden core beasts had particularly strong bodies, and boasted strength above that of the norm outside of this realm, none were as abnormal as Lex. Which meant that, once again, Lex was done within a few minutes.

Once done, Lex simply walked around the city while he planned his next move. By now, the crowd around Simple Life had been dispersed, and only a few notable people remained. It seemed like a representative from both Torrin and Wood families had arrived, as well as a few other powerful people.

He had no intentions of getting involved with them as he found politics to be tedious, so whatever he did next would have to be somewhere else.

One drawback, he learnt, of being very strong was that it was more difficult than anticipated to keep himself ignorant. He had tried to limit his use of spirit sense so that he would not yet come across answers to why the crown was important or what purpose it served. But even so, just his normal hearing was enough to gather enough information to come up with an answer.

It seemed like besides humans taking to using the projections as a sort of caste and nobility system, the sealed domain also favored those with a higher projection. People could use their aura to open up certain portions of the domain that were otherwise sealed and contained phenomenal treasures and opportunities.

There were also certain areas from where one could gain control over certain sections of the sealed domain itself! It seemed like a group of families had taken control over various such regions, and thereby gained control over the entire domain.

It also offered a few other minor perks such as intimidating others with a lower projection level, though that would only happen if Lex let the projection leak out its aura. Speaking of which… letting some of the aura of his gold crowns leak out before leaving might be a nice touch.

As usual, just as the hour mark came by, Lex walked in. This time, instead of a bag over his shoulder, Lex was pushing a trolley. It couldn't be helped, since he had to bring a few jars of beast blood as well. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Everyone had been waiting for Lex, and had been on the lookout, so they were taken aback when he seemed to suddenly reach the entrance of the building without alerting anyone. They were even more surprised by how nonchalantly he seemed to be walking by, as if everything in his cart wasn't carrying an oppressive aura.

Before he could reach the private room, however, a man in the Simple Life staff uniform stepped forward with a smile. Lex had not seen him before, and was aware that he had only been recently called by the manager.

"Mr. Lex, thank you so much for completing these longstanding commissions. I'm afraid there's been a small lapse in procedure which is why no one informed you. For rank 5 commissions, there's a separate area to submit them. After all, our regular workers and appraisers cannot stand the aura of these objects."

"Oh, right, of course. Please, lead the way."

Everyone who had been standing in the lobby, hoping to get an opportunity to speak to Lex, missed out on the opportunity as he was led away.

Lex was led to the highest level of the building and into a large office where a few heavily armored men were waiting. Their purpose there was not to act against Lex or anything like that. The armor, instead, protected them from the aura of the Golden core beasts harvested parts.

They individually picked up the jars and the various parts and took them away, leaving Lex and the man alone in the room.

"They'll verify and tabulate your total income and rewards from all the commissions you've completed," said the man as he motioned Lex to take a seat. "It might take a couple of days to gather all 112,500 gold coins that you are owed, however. I hope you understand. We were not expecting anyone to go through all the tasks so quickly. By the way, allow me to introduce myself. My name is Cleath, and I am incharge of all Simple Life operations in the region."

"Well, Cleath, don't worry about the gold. Like I told Henry, I'll just take a couple of things from your inventory, and the rest you can hold onto as credit."

"Mr. Lex, you have been incredibly generous," Cleath said with a bow. "To be honest, it would probably be good for us to hold on to your income as credit. However, Simple Life aspires for simplicity in all its endeavors. Holding on to such a large amount that I owe someone else will make me feel uneasy. I would rather continue to operate normally, even if it somewhat affects our daily operations for a short while."

Lex raised an eyebrow. He was not expecting that. He could also tell that Cleath had no ulterior motives when saying this, and he was not trying to appear humble or honest when saying such things, but was actually being straightforward.

"In that case…" Lex spread out his spirit sense and covered the entire city. He even allowed some of the aura from his projection to leak out and be sensed by Cleath.

It took him only a few seconds to decide what to do, so he withdrew his aura.

"Bring me a pen and paper so thatI can give you a list of instructions," Lex said, but Cleath did not respond.

Instead he just stood there, stunned. What had he just sensed?



Chapter 1031 Coupon

﻿﻿The projection crowns had many levels, and each level had specific auras. Cleath, as a region manager for the Simple Life building, himself had a very high projection aura himself, and had been exposed to some of the highest auras in the land.

The local powers, whether it was the Torrin family or the Wood family, both were practically inconsequential beyond their own city. Cleath himself, in fact, had a Silver rank projection, which was one of the highest around. After all, it had to be known that no one could inherit a projection rank higher than Bronze-Gold. To go from Bronze-Gold to Rusted-Silver itself was an immense feat that many were not able to do during their entire lives.

To then go from Rusted-Silver to Silver, Cleath had proved himself to be an extraordinary warrior with immense foresight and courage. His cultivation level at the peak of the Foundation realm was nothing to scoff at. He was one of the strongest people in the city, though obviously, not quite the strongest.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

But regardless, his position was enough to show that his background was extraordinarily deep. In fact, he had even once been to one of the three Primary cities of the sealed domain - each city requiring a minimum of Rusted-Silver projection just to enter. Although not one to show off, it was fair to say that Cleath had felt his fair share of powerful auras.

But even so, he had never felt an aura like the one Lex had let leak. He had no resistance in front of it at all. He instead felt like his entire life rested in the palm of Lex's hands, and instead of being afraid or terrified of that fact, he should feel honored.

His cultivation had thoroughly withdrawn itself, leaving him with no more strength than that of a mortal. This was a phenomenon that he was familiar with. Beasts did it in the face of those with very high projections. It was involuntary. But he'd never heard of someone with an aura level high enough to affect humans!

"Cleath, are you okay?" Lex asked after a few moments. The man had been completely unresponsive. He hoped he hadn't knocked him unconscious.

Cleath trembled and then fell back into his seat. His limbs had completely lost all strength, though they were quickly recovering.

"I… what? Yes, I'm sorry. I was just… you, you asked for a paper right? I'll go get some," he tried to get up, but he was unable to move. An awkwardness filled the room as Cleath tried to get up a few times, but literally could not pick himself up.

"You know, what, I have a better idea," said Lex as he summoned a spirit crystal from his bangle, and infused his instructions within.

"Here, take this. If you pour your energy into the crystal, you'll be able to read my instructions just fine. You can use all my income according to the instructions I've listed here. As for my own reward, I'll go collect it from Henry. You… should probably take a moment and just get some rest. Actually, here, have a drink as well. It'll help you recover."

Feeling incredibly embarrassed, Lex left a medicinal elixir for Cleath and quickly left the room. At least now he knew what would happen if he exposed his aura to others. It was embarrassing to do it by accident, but he could think of a few situations in which it would be pretty interesting.

He found his way to Henry and asked him for something extremely specific from the Simple Life building inventory. As soon as he got it, Lex disappeared from right in front of Henry and everyone else in the building. He had no intention of meeting the people waiting in the lobby for him.

But he had underestimated the impact he would have by disappearing from right in front of a small crowd.

Some people could not help but scream "ghost" or just straight out faint.

But Lex did not care. He looked at the reward in his hand: a coupon for the best restaurant in town. To be more specific, the coupon was to have the head chef prepare a private meal for the coupon holder whenever they wished.

He wondered if the chef would be good enough to work with ingredients Lex provided. He was looking forward to it. But first, he decided to change his clothes.

Although he enjoyed wearing a suit, it did not fit in well with the clothing style of the area. While Lex had no intention of making himself look like he had been injecting steroids to fit in, dressing the part was not an issue.

By now, he knew the city like the back of his hand, which is why he also knew the location of the best clothes designer in the area. Even though Torrinwood was nor particularly well known for its fashion, since most of its residents were workers and warriors, with only a few rich families, it was not like they were completely deprived of it either.

Lex walked into a rather well-designed building that looked like it had been carved out of a single, large slab of marble. The buildings sold more than just clothes, and was the closest thing to a mall he had found. His arrival drew a few curious stares, since he was so 'frail' and dressed oddly, but no one made any trouble for him. Yet.

Lex also wasn't interested in waiting for someone to make a fool of himself. Even without trying, he had already learnt a lot about how everything worked here, so there was no reason for him to act as if he knew nothing.

He walked up to one of the staff members, and showed his Simple Life registration token, which had his identity as a rank 5 member written on it.

"I'd like access to the top floor," Lex said with a smile. "Could you take me there?"

"Ye- yes! Immediately, sir! Follow me!" squeaked the girl when she saw his token. A rank 5 member? That was equal to the head of the two leading families! She couldn't even begin to imagine the identity of the strange man who had just walked up to her!



Chapter 1032 Krab meat patty burger

The girl had not exactly kept her volume low, mainly because she was completely unprepared for the shock she received. That drew even more stares, but Lex did not mind. The stares only got more intense when the people noticed exactly where he was going, but by then it was too late. He had already entered the private elevator - which seemed very high tech for a relatively low-tech city - and was on his way to the top floor.

The top floor was more of a statement than anything functional, as hardly anyone ever qualified to use it. One would need a very high projection quality, high cultivation or some kind of extremely prestigious accolade to get access to it. Being a rank 5 member of the Simple Life building, which had a stellar reputation and tried and tested ranking requirements, was more than enough though.

The elevator opened to the sight of a man and a woman waiting for their arrival. Maintaining very professional expressions, they bowed to Lex, before the man asked, "exalted guest, how can we be of service to you today?"

"I am about to attend an extremely lavish feast," Lex said very calmly. "I need clothes for the occasion. Something comfortable, though. I am not used to wearing tight clothing."

"Do you have any preference?" the woman asked. "Any design choices or restrictions? Any… price ranges you want to stay in?"

Lex only chuckled. "How about you just aim to impress me?"

Both the man and the woman were surprised by his request, then filled with excitement. Immediately they brought him in and began measuring his body to begin making his suit. Fortunately, they were not nearly as thorough as Geeves, so Lex did not need to hear about his new weight.

To be honest, Lex had low expectations for the clothes, but the two of them worked really well together, and designed what looked like a formal version of a soldier's uniform. He was impressed, especially when they got to work right in front of him and created the entire ensemble in twenty minutes.

It cost a whopping 300 gold pieces, but Lex paid 350 and stepped out. Not like gold had much value for Lex anyway. Every time he spread his spirit sense out he found lost money, not to mention more than a few stashes of chests full of coins he was pretty sure had been laundered by someone. He felt no guilt using someone else's money if it was stolen to begin with.

When Lex entered the building people stared at him because they were confused and curious about his identity. When he stepped out, however, all eyes were on him because he looked absolutely handsome in his clothes, even with his physique which was skinnier than the rest of the people here.

People began to whisper, wondering about his identity, but no one had any answers. Only a few staff members began to whisper amongst themselves about how a rank 5 member of the Simple Life building, named Lex, had visited them that day.

Lex then made his way to a restaurant that was built right on the river side, with a platform that extended into the river, just below the flowing water. This way, the restaurant had a platform with a few seats where guests could sit and rest their feet in the cool, flowing river water.

It was quite a popular spot, and seemed to be bustling with crowds of families and friends alike. There seemed to be a few private rooms as well which could be booked for those who wished to dine in private.

"I'm sorry ma'am, but the chef Spong-e is not available to cater to a private party," a waitress said awkwardly to a particularly angry looking lady when Lex stepped in.

"Do you know who I am? Do you know who my son is?" the lady could not help but yell angrily. "My son is the oldest grandchild of Jacob Torrin! It's his birthday! If he wants Krabmeat patty burgers for his birthday, then that's what he's going to get! Understand?"

"Ma'am, maybe you could bring your son here…" the waitress tried to say, wearing a weak smile, only to have the angry lady begin hollering at her.

Lex could not help but sigh at the sight. As a fellow member of the service industry, he could not help but feel bad for the waitress and so he approached her.

"Hi, could you give this to chef Spong-e?" Lex asked with a smile, his soft words somehow cutting through the incessant hollering of the mad lady. He held out the coupon he got from Simple Life. "I believe he'll know what this is." 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Everyone was stunned, and not just because of his charming smile. Well, most likely, none of them cared as much about his smile as much as the fact that he just went up and interrupted a Torrin!

The mad lady was so shocked, she didn't recover until the waitress took the coupon from Lex's hand. She turned, ready to begin hollering at him as well, but Lex was not in the mood to be yelled at. He simply glanced at the woman, and before she could speak, flashed a bit of his projection aura, stunning her.

With his incredible control, no one else felt the aura, though they did see him give the lady a side eye which caused her to freeze. They were waiting for the explosion, but it never came. Eventually Lex was led away by the unsure waitress as she led him to a private room with a balcony view.

After they left, when the woman still had not moved, some tried to approach her to ensure she was fine. That's when her legs gave way, and the woman fell to the floor. She went completely pale and she began stuttering, her words completely illegible.

Confused and scared, no one dared to mess with her, though countless people immediately began to spread the news. Someone had just messed with the Torrin family, and they'd done so out in public!



Chapter 1033 Pat Rick

Lex learned forward on the balcony and enjoyed the stunning view. Right below him, the wide river was flowing, its pace fast but not overwhelming or dangerous, and on the other side of the river the city continued.

There were a few small boats on the river, crossing from one side to another or traveling the length of it in either direction. There were kids playing in the water, and old men fishing. There were clouds in the sky, glowing with a unique silver light.

Wherever Lex looked, he only saw beautiful views.

If nothing else, this restaurant had at least picked the perfect location for stellar views. He was tempted to go down and dip his feet in the water with everyone else, but his coupon could only be used in a private room, so he had no choice.

Someone knocked on his door, and then opened. A handsome man, with blonde hair, blue eyes, and a strong, rectangular jaw stepped in wearing an excited smile. His central incisors had a gap in them, but for whatever reason, they did not take away from his looks, and instead only served to give him a simple charm.

"Hello sir, I am chef Spong-e. I can't believe you redeemed the cooking coupon from Simple Life - I know how expensive it was supposed to be. I feel honored that you would redeem it. You may not know, but the Simple Life overseer did a great favor for me in exchange for that coupon, so I have been looking forward to the opportunity to pay them back."

"I have also been looking forward to trying your food," Lex said with a smile. "Your reputation clearly precedes you."

"Of course! I am at your disposal today. What would you like to have?"

"I've heard a lot about your burgers, so I have been looking forward to trying them. By the way, don't judge me based on my appearance. The amount of food I can consume is no joke."

"Do not worry! As your personal chef, I will not stop cooking until you are satisfied!"

True to his word, Spong-e exited the room and entered the private kitchen which was adjacent to the private room, and visible due to a glass wall separating them.

Undeterred by the audience, Spong-e immediately turned on his grill and began preparing his various ingredients. Lex watched him cook, something he never expected to find interesting. Yet here he was, enjoying himself.

He was also aware of the small crowd that was gathering outside, though he did not pay much attention to it. Even when, from a distance, another group arrived, Lex only nominally paid attention to it.

At the forefront was a man weaning a green suit and a mean expression. The sight of him seemed to intimidate and excite many people at the same time.

"I can't believe it," said one of the men observing from a distance. "It's Plank Torrin. Whoever messed with the Torrin's is in trouble now."

"I heard the problem was caused because of Spong-e. It's said that Plank Torrin has been trying to poach him for his own restaurant for a long time without success. I guess it was inevitable that they would have problems."

"I heard his restaurant is literally shaped like a bucket. Who would want to work there?"

The man in the green suit heard the words being spoken all around him, but he ignored them all. He just walked until he eventually reached his wife, Karen, who looked extremely upset.

"Karen, are you alright?" he asked, taking her hand and looking her in the eyes.

"I have failed you Plank, I have failed you. Let's just go home. I can not take this anymore."

"It's fine, Karen. You go home and get some rest. I will make sure those who messed with us today will know the consequences of their actions."

The mad woman reluctantly nodded, and was led away by another group. Plank, who was holding in his anger so far, turned and was about to enter the restaurant to cause a scene when someone stepped in front of him.

Lex, who was getting ready to flash his aura again, could not help but raise an eyebrow. He had heard of this man as well.

With bright pink hair and more confidence than anyone else around, the greatest star of Torrinwood, and best friend of Spong-e, Pat Rick.

"I don't think so, Plank," he said, completely uncaring that he was outnumbered a dozen to one. "I think it's about time you give up. Spong-e will never work for you."

At around this time, a bored looking waiter opened the door to Lex's room and brought in the first burger, steam still rising from the patty inside.

"Please enjoy," he said, and placed the burger in front of Lex.

The smell of it was genuinely unexpectedly good, and could not help but remind him of the failure of a cook he had at his own restaurant. For a brief moment, Lex also considered poaching Spong-e, but then pushed the idea away.

Filled with great anticipation, Lex took a bite from the burger - and his mind seemed to explode.

The bun was so incredibly light and fluffy that it felt like he was biting air, yet it had the mildest hint of sweetness packaging the savouriness packed inside of it. The meat was so tender, it gave way as soon as he bit it, and reached the perfect amount of juiciness one would want from a patty. It was not enough to drip or soak the bun, but more enough to deliver a great rush of flavor! The onions were perfectly caramelized so that their crunch texture added to the sensation of the bite, and their flavor blended perfectly in with the meat. The thin slice of lettuce added an air of freshness to the bite so that it was not overwhelming, and the slice of cheese perfectly coated everything. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Lex forgot everything. He forgot all the troubles he had ever experienced, the pressure of looking for the resin, the threat of the system disappearing, his family abandonment issues, and everything else. With this one bite Lex had discovered the answer to the greatest question in the universe.

But before he could enjoy the sensation much longer, his door slammed open, interrupting his experience. Plank barged in.



Chapter 1034 Eventful day

﻿﻿Ever since he began cultivating, Lex had a complicated relationship with food. At first, he was extremely reluctant about the fact that slowly he would lose his sense of hunger as his body gained the ability to make do without it. His love for food caused him a great amount of pain when he thought about the fact that he might lose his taste for it.

Not that he would ever dislike food, but that heightened experience of having great food when he was really hungry would surely be something he lost.

But no matter how reluctant he was, it was a bitter reality. Over time, as he became busier, he had less and less time to eat. In fact, as of late, days would go by without him realizing he hadn't eaten since his body wouldn't really remind him, and he would be otherwise occupied.

The tragedy was somewhat further enhanced because the food requirements of his body also became more strenuous. So for him to actually make use of the food he ate, the ingredients needed to be of a higher quality. That meant other foods did not taste as good as they used to.

Sure, there was that period at the temple where he was getting good food, but that was ultimately limited. So, in a way, whether he wanted to or not, Lex had become distanced from the act of eating and truly enjoying food. It was one of the drawbacks of cultivation that no one ever talked about - probably out of bitterness.

So when he got the first taste of that burger, and for it to be so surprisingly and unexpectedly good blew Lex's mind away. He was completely unprepared for such a pleasant experience. He completely lost himself in that moment.

So when Plank slammed the door open, and woke Lex from his reverie, there was a moment he forgot that he was supposed to be joking around and became truly angry. It was not the aura of his projection, but Domination that radiated from his body as he locked eyes with Plank.

In that moment, let alone that delinquent, the whole city froze. But then, fortunately, Lex recalled what was happening and withdrew his aura. There was still the rest of the burger left to eat, not to mention that Spong-e would make more until Lex was satisfied, so there was no reason to be angry.

But that split second it took for him to calm down was already enough. Plank fell face forward onto the ground, frothing at the mouth in his unconscious state. Lex sighed, and then Blinked Plank, his wife, and all his goons back to the Torrin family mansion.

He couldn't be bothered to deal with them right now that he was finally enjoying himself. While no one saw Plank be teleported, many others saw members of the Torrin family vanish before their very eyes right after a frightening aura encompassed the city. Some people began to panic, while others began to wonder what was happening.

Rumors began to spread like wildfire, some mentioning ghosts while others mentioning a thin human who had come down from the heavens to judge evil.

But after a while, since nothing else happened, people began to calm down and the panic started to fade. That's when another kind of rumor began to spread.

Apparently, the Simple Life building was going around the city, offering valuable resources to orphans and the under privileged. Some people who were sick and had no money for treatment received a home visit from Simple Life staff who delivered medicine that would cure almost all illnesses in one go. Many who were stuck in bottlenecks got just the medicine they needed to break through, and others who were in dire need of just a little bit of money to overcome a difficult situation received gifts of gold.

But everyone who received something from them also got the message that what they had gotten was a gift from some unknown 'Mr. Lex'. Everyone began to wonder who this Mr. Lex was, when they found out that it was a mysterious figure who single handedly completed all the hunting commissions in a matter of hours!

Who was this man? What was his agenda? Why was he helping everyone? What was he after? These were the questions on everyone's minds, yet no one had a proper answer.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The day was extremely eventful, and the people of the city couldn't keep up with the information.

In a dark alley in the city, Hildi, who was standing over the bloody body of yet another assassin, was wondering how she could possibly escape her predicament when a staff member from Simple Life suddenly showed up. He ignored the body on the ground, and simply looked at Hildi.

"Miss Hildi, is that you? According to the instructions, this is where I would find you, so you must be her. Here, you go, this is a small present for you from Mr. Lex."

Hildi had her guard raised, but she was really too weak to resist an attack, therefore, all she could do was accept the gift. Surprisingly, no attack came and the man left.

Stunned, she opened up her gift and saw it contained healing medicine. Who was this Lex and how did he know she needed help?

The image of the man she helped bring to the city popped in her mind. But she dismissed it. How was that possible? There had to be some other explanation. Before considering it, however, she began to limp away. Staying here was not the best idea.

Meanwhile, Lex was finishing up yet another burger. It was splendid, and exactly what he needed to help him relax. He could not help but wonder if Spong-e might be a system user with a cooking system. How else could he cook so well?

But even if he was, Lex had no intention of prying. Instead, he was considering his grand finale in this small city. He was about ready to move on and begin searching for the resin, right after one more mysterious act.



Chapter 1035 Monument manufacturing

Now that he was about to leave, and had already had his fun, Lex spread his spirit sense over the entire city. What did it matter if he learned everything there was to know about this place? He was done trying to immerse himself into ordinary life.

From what he could tell, body cultivation was the orthodox cultivation path in this place. It made sense. On earth body cultivation was a lot harder than spiritual cultivation because there weren't enough resources that supported body cultivation, but that didn't seem to be the situation here.

Back then, zombie cores had become very popular because of how they supported body cultivation. But here, Lex had already spotted countless fruits that were considered normal, everyday fruits that people ate as snacks that were even more effective than zombie cores.

Of course, that was because this was a new realm and was packed with extremely concentrated spiritual energy, but even if it was temporary, this was the reality these people were living in. It did not matter to them how rare these fruits were on the outside, because here they were normal.

With that in mind, what can Lex do that would be considered a really big deal here? He could think of a few things, to be honest. He could either do something that reinforced the body cultivation system, but better, or introduce something from the spiritual cultivation method.

But what should he do?

Unable to decide, Lex pulled out a coin, closed his eyes, and flipped it. If it landed on heads, he'd do a tournament style elimination method to give the final winner an award. If it landed on tails, he'd leave a monument in the middle of the city that no one could destroy or move, which would only give out its technique to someone suitable.

The sound of something cracking attracted his attention, and he opened his eyes to the sight of the coin embedded into the roof, revealing the tail side facing him. Since it's on the roof, does the tail being visible mean that heads is actually on top?

After a quick consideration, Lex decided to stick to tails.

Lex naturally did not have the means to create such a random monument out of nothing, nor did he happen to have one such thing on him at the moment. But what he did have was a ring with the soul of a dragon.

He had already learnt that dragons lived an incredibly long time, which meant that they were easily prone to boredom, and so partook in many activities no one would expect, from watching plays, reading books, playing video games and more. Hosting random tournaments and randomly dropping such monuments to stir up their subordinate races was included in those activities.

He explained to Pel what he wanted to do, and the trusty ring spirit quickly searched its memories for a suitable method that could be used by Lex. Once again, the issue was that he was too weak to use most of the techniques used by dragons, and so he had to rely on one of the training techniques as well. But even though it was merely a training technique to manufacture something, it was more than enough to fulfill Lex's needs.

After thanking Spong-e for the over 100 burgers he made for Lex, and leaving behind a healing serum as well as a reward for Pat, who had taken a beating trying to stop Plank, Lex teleported away.

He had to focus on learning the technique, and then quickly making a nice, eye-catching monument which would also serve as a treasure which would select someone suitable and transmit techniques to him or her. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Normally, when one imagined treasure manufacturing, they would imagine an assembly line or something being made by heavy machinery, or maybe something being made piece by piece by a blacksmith if they were old fashioned. But dragons had an entirely different way to manufacture things.

Lex took out a number of various metals and ores from his spatial bangle, and then visualized the monument he wanted to make, as well as its capabilities.

He doubted he'd succeed on the first try, but he was a quick learner, so it shouldn't take too long.

Lex summoned a Glyph that he was really excited to use- the Dragons breath Glyph!

He felt heat build up in the back of his throat, and after aiming at the ores, began to breath out a thin streak of yellowish-

golden flames.

Fed by his spiritual energy as well as Domination, his flames were more than just hot! They were completely overbearing!

The ores began to melt and then purify on their own, while the other metals began moving within the flames, as if invisible hands were controlling them. The trick was to accomplish everything using only one breath, which was the real obstacle, considering Lex's lungs were much smaller than a dragons.

But the challenge excited him. He tried to follow the instructions of the technique, and began molding the metals together to form a new alloy, which was taking the shape that he desired. Pleased to discover that this was actually easier than he had anticipated, Lex doubled his focus and spent the next few hours crafting a large monument that looked like a faceless man sitting atop a dragon.

Alongside its physical shape, he also began to mold the functionality of the monument, using Domination as the foundation for all of it. For dragons, their will was enough to shape many things, and as such, their manufacturing techniques followed the same pattern.

Technically speaking, they weren't the best treasure manufacturers in the universe, or even the Origin realm, but no one would say that to their faces. But, for Lex's purpose, this was good enough.

The day eventually came to a close, and the city of Torrinwood went to sleep still excited about the events of the previous day. It would probably be talked about for a very long time, they thought. But they had no idea what was in store for them the next day.



Chapter 1036 Legacy

﻿﻿Even though it was early morning, it was bright and sunny in Torrinwood. That was natural, since daylight was not determined by the time of day in the Midnight realm, but on windcurrents. When the wind blew the burning fireballs away, it would darken, but otherwise it would stay bright.

But most of the time, there were enough burning fireballs in the sky so that even if some were blown away, others would maintain the light. Which is why the day cycle, in most places, was just based according to the biological cycle of the various races living there.

That is why, even though it was bright outside, most people were within the confines of their homes, fast asleep.

The excitement of the previous day had kept many up late, which is why many were bound to have a late start to this day. But some… some were still awake!

Whether it was the countless under privileged kids who'd suddenly gotten their hands on resources that would allow them to cultivate, or the sick who had gained a new lease on life, or those who'd finally had their debts forgiven, or the Torrins, who had been humiliated, they were all awake.

To them, time was just a human construct. They could not give up the moment they were living in just because the clock said it was early in the day. Many of them were too excited to sleep. Some of them were too angry for it. All of them had their thoughts preoccupied.

But regardless of what they were feeling, they were the only ones who weren't rudely awakened when an overbearing aura suddenly enveloped the entire city.

It was not oppressive, or threatening, but it was so powerful that it could not be ignored. Even though the citizens of the city began to panic, as they could not understand what was happening, the aura itself was filled with a feeling of calm. It lacked all sense of urgency, and merely demanded attention and nothing else from the residents of the city.

"HE WHO THINKS HIMSELF WORTHY, CLAIM THE LEGACY I LEAVE BEHIND, AND BEGIN THE CLIMB TO GREATNESS!"

The city, the earth, the river, the forest, the air, and the world itself trembled under the might of the declaration. An aura of gold, a level higher than any had ever reached in the entire sealed domain, pervaded the entire city, and brought everyone to their knees.

A blinding light suddenly shone in the sky, unstoppable by any wall or boundary. Even those who were within their homes could see it, though whether they saw the image for real, or it was just in their minds, no one could know.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

As the light dimmed, a vague outline became visible. But as time went by, the light became even dimmer, and the outline became even clearer.

At first, when the people, and even the beasts of the surrounding forest, saw what was within the light, they felt a fear that chilled them to their very core. It was a creature they had never even heard of, but something from within their very being told them that it was far beyond their meager selves. They were insects and nothing more in the face of that creature.

But then, suddenly, their sights honed onto something else. Atop the cataclysm that took the shape of a monstrous creature, there was another figure, and it was that of a man!

The hearts and minds of everyone shook as their whole world turned upside down. Their very souls trembled with excitement, as if they had seen a miracle before their very eyes. The natural order of the universe was turned over in front of their very eyes.

They did not know why such thoughts came to them in their hearts, but they knew it was true!

Peaceful and unconcerned, the figure of a man sat atop the forehead of a world ending calamity. That is when everyone realized that the aura they were feeling were actually two distinct auras.

The first overwhelming aura, one that took the entire city captive, was the aura of the creature. The second aura, one that was laced with gold, was that of the man sitting on top.

Before they could speculate any further, the figure slowly started to descend from the sky out in the open outside the city walls.

The aura began to recede, but as it did so, it beckoned them to come.

An abrupt stampede seemed to occur as every living person in the city seemed to break into a sprint as they ran towards where the monument fell. They wanted- no, they needed that legacy! They needed that world toppling power.

Naturally, those who were stronger overtook the crowds, and soon found themselves outside the city in an area that seemed to have changed overnight.

There was a massive monument of a creature lying prone, and on its forehead a man, in the middle of an equally amphitheater of marble that seemed to have appeared out of nowhere.

Some hesitated to enter, but others dashed in, uncaring. They had to get their hands on the monument first. They were getting ready for a fight.

But all was not as they had thought, and when they entered the amphitheater, they realized that their objective was nearly impossible.

An oppressive aura radiated from the monument, though it did not spread farther than the walls of the amphitheater. The aura held down those who wished to move forward, and crushed their will to dust. To approach the monument seemed almost impossible.

But more than that, alongside the pressure, a series of thoughts seemed to automatically enter the minds of those who entered the amphitheater. They were the rules of the place.

Any who wished to come were allowed, whether they be man or woman, adult or child, human or beast. The monument alone will be the judge of who is worthy of its legacy. If any dared to stop or bar entry of others from trying, they would forever be disqualified from truing.

More and more people began to arrive, and soon, even beasts. But oddly enough, none of them fought. All of them had their eyes focused on the figure atop the dragon that had no face.

Cleath could not help but wonder why the physique looked so familiar. Then a name suddenly entered his mind.

As if detecting his thoughts, the figure, the one that was supposed to be inanimate, turned to look at him, and then winked.



Chapter 1037 Perfectionism

Lex just could not help himself. There was a part of him that wanted to go down and work on the monument some more. He had thoroughly underestimated how much fun it was to create something, and his weird knack for perfectionism that he had thought disappeared made a comeback.

It was a strange trait he developed during his programming days. Sometimes, certain pieces of code would function, but would have theoretical limits or flaws. Any programmer worth his salt would just make a comment and just move on. Not Lex, though. He would have to find a way to fix the code so that it would work regardless of the situation.

Other times, when he couldn't get a piece of code to work, even though it really should be working, he would go insane working on it until he fixed the issue. Honestly, he half blamed his tumor growth on the stress of one particular project that just wouldn't work and required weeks of debugging, only for someone to realize they used a colon instead of a semicolon.

But for all the stress it gave him, the feeling of making something that worked flawlessly, or at least as intended, felt wonderful. It was great, and to see others use and experience his work felt even better!

Which is why he felt slightly alarmed when his tendencies to perfect his work, which had disappeared for so long, suddenly returned.

The monument, as it was, worked as intended. He did not expect to encounter anyone within this sealed domain who would be powerful enough to unravel the restrictions of the monument.

But there was a part of his brain that kept insisting he fix the flaws that were created as a result of him trying to finish the monument in his very first attempt ever!

Lex's understanding of treasure manufacturing was limited as is, but even with his limited experience and knowledge, he could spot a few glaring flaws. Theoretically speaking, he could fix them if he tried. Fixing them without starting from the beginning and retaining the existing monument would make the task a little more complicated, but it was still possible.

Fortunately his amazing comprehension abilities made it so that he was a quick learner, so it shouldn't be an issue.

The only actual issue was the mental struggle he was undergoing between leaving it alone and moving on, and spending a bit more time here to fix it.

But while he could not come to a conclusion on what to do about that, he didn't mind at all spending a little time to sit and watch everyone take a crack at getting the legacy of the monument, as it were.

Originally, he was going to place the monument in the city, but then realized there was no need for him to discriminate against the other races like that. There were countless beasts in the forest, and many of them had great intelligence. Even if they weren't intelligent, they at least cultivated, which made them automatic contenders.

So he changed the plan midway. Adding an amphitheater was a good way of limiting the influence of the monument as well as creating a neutral zone. But he was not inside the Inn, where the snap of his fingers could pop out any building he could imagine. So naturally he spent a few hours making that as well.

It was tedious, but the results spoke for themselves. There were thousands of people inside the amphitheater, but there were a few hundred beasts as well. Their instincts could sense the opportunity that Lex had left for them, as well as the safety in this territory, which is why they flocked to it.

Maybe he hadn't fully considered the repercussions this could have on the region, but realistically speaking, it was impossible to predict how big of an influence such an action would have. It all depended on if anyone was able to get a legacy.

Indeed, Lex left behind more than one legacy, though each was of varying quality. The legacies were also not a one time thing, so they could be unlocked a number of times as long as the conditions were met. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

He tried to add failsafes, such as disqualifying anyone who broke the rules, but it was not exactly easy to attach an 'if statement' to a monument, not to mention that it was not easy to check everyone for everything they did.

He did the best he could, and hoped things would work out. He could already see that the Torrin and Wood families were struggling with the decision over what to do. They wanted to limit access to it, but the warning given was keeping them hesitant.

Not that it mattered. Even without his system for disqualifying people, Lex had not made it easy to gain any of his legacies. The techniques he put into the monument ranged from some he used himself to others Pel gave him, but all were very useful on some scale.

As he watched the crowds struggle to get closer to the monument, he noticed something. Someone tripped, and fell forward. Although that person hadn't noticed it yet, they stumbled upon a loophole that would allow them to make great progress towards coming closer to the monument.

Detecting that loophole, so early on, was the feather that broke the camel's back. Lex could not ignore the monument's flaws anymore. But, if he was going to fix it, he had to think about it. Rubbing his chin, Lex began to pull out more materials and glanced over the many manuals Pel had given him for manufacturing treasures.

He also had to find a way to get everyone to leave for a few hours. Well, hopefully only a few hours. He could not afford to pull a repeat of that debugging incident. In fact, to make sure of it, Lex entered his Flow state.

How was it that this was the first state he ever unlocked, yet it was still the one he used the most? Whatever. It didn't matter. He had work to do.



Chapter 1038 Creepy underground temple

Repairing the monument ended up taking an entire day. Lex had to make preparations first, and when he was ready to work on it, he just entered everyones thoughts and gave them the idea that they should come back tomorrow, finally emptying the place.

No one realized that their collective idea to leave was artificial, or at least if they did they didn't let it on. That gave Lex plenty of time to fix certain things, such as the loophole that allowed people to make progress by constantly falling forward.

But after that, unfortunately, the fun time was over. It was time to get back to work, no matter how much he wanted to continue his shenanigans.

Lex used the Wyrm's Glyph and began to search the sealed domain. Moving at a fast speed, he encountered dozens of cities such as Torrinwood, but was intrigued to learn that there were no road networks connecting the cities. It was as if the entire territory was divided into countless small city states, each ruled by one or two families.

Over all, though, they seemed to be doing fine, not that he was focusing too much on them. The domain had strict boundaries, so it was only a matter of time that Lex found the resin. More than once he encountered zones that could even restrict him from entering, but revealing his crown projection would open them up for him.

He had to say, each restricted zone was quite interesting, as they each contained unique biomes. Once he encountered a biome made completely of mushrooms. As interesting as it was, Lex's instincts actually told him that the place was incredibly dangerous, even for him, should he lower his guard.

As much as he wanted to explore the dangers of shrooms, the Glyph revealed that the resin wasn't there, so he moved on. Another time, he encountered a biome where bright blue, earthen spikes jutted from the ground every few feet, creating narrow paths for one to walk. It was interesting to see, and he was curious about what mystery lay in the center of the biome, where the Glyph picked up something valuable. But it was not valuable enough to be the resin, so he moved on.

Then he encountered the naturally occurring cities. It was weird to call them that, but as far as he could tell, they were entire cities that just formed naturally. From the walls to the parks to the roads and even sewage systems, it was as if they were a part of the domain themselves.

Entering them required having a sufficient projection level, which is probably where the strange caste system probably developed from.

Lex continued to search and his patience paid off, because in the eleventh hour he encountered a massive natural city, the largest he had seen so far, and somewhere underneath it, he sensed something that gave off a powerful radiance when using the Glyph, greater than anything he had seen before.

Feeling a bit of anticipation, Lex entered. Although the entry requirements of this place were the highest he had seen so far, at Shiny-Silver, it posed no barrier to Lex. That is when he encountered true elitism for the first time, and it put his mood off. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

If the situation in Torrinwood seemed extreme, where people were ready to fight at the drop of a hat, then things here were much worse.

The signs of slavery were abundant, as it seemed like a person with a Shiny-Silver crown projection gained the ability to enslave a number of other humans whose projection aura was lower.

Above that were Rusted-Platinum, who somehow had even more power. The ruler of the particular city was a man who had reached Shiny-Platinum, and was in the late Golden core realm. His power in this city was absolute, which meant that he had absolutely no qualms about doing whatever he wanted.

Lex felt a deep revulsion, especially since what was the largest and grandest city he had come across was actually a den of corruption and hedonism. Although the city did a good job of putting up appearances of being peaceful and just, it could hide no secrets from Lex.

Just as he had left a great monument in Torrinwood, Lex felt a strong urge to cleanse this place of its filth.

But before doing anything else, Lex decided to keep his focus on the resin. He was too close, and didn't want to risk any accident happening.

He made his way to the center of the city, which was actually a palace surrounded by a massive lake. One would think that it would be used by the ruler, but it was more or less abandoned because moving to and fro from it was too tedious - as far as Lex could tell.

Lex entered his soul state, and directly descended through the palace, and moved underground towards the source of what he could detect from the resin.

Lex was not surprised to learn that there was more to this place than met the eye, as vast torrents of spiritual energy were flowing underground, like a raging river. Even Lex had to be careful to avoid those currents, and they could absolutely sweep him away and overwhelm him.

Fortunately, while the actual current of energy was chaotic, they stayed strictly within channels that had been created for them. When the distance between Lex and what was presumably the resin was only half a mile, he encountered a barrier that prevented him from descending in his soul state any further.

He could probably go through it the way he entered the domain, but considering the extremely high volumes of energy flowing through that region, he decided on a more cautious approach. There was a network of tunnels that seemed to be descending, so Lex entered one of those and decided to see where it led.

Despite seeming abandoned, Lex could not help but notice how fresh air flowed through the tunnels, and thin strips of glowing marble illuminated the path.

This was definitely a creepy yet ancient secret temple of some kind as far as Lex was concerned. Maybe it contained the secrets of why this domain was different from how it should be, because so far, Lex had not encountered anything out of the ordinary, or the fairies that Pel told him about.

Maybe now he would have the chance.



Chapter 1039 Great savior

﻿﻿The first thing that would come to anyone's mind when exploring an old, abandoned, underground temple would be traps. Anyone who had seen any movie ever would know to expect traps.

Why would there be traps, and why would they work hundreds of even thousands of years after being made, Lex could not guess. But he was not looking forward to being impaled by a row of spikes, or run over by a massive boulder - no matter what the excited expression on his face may seem to indicate.

Lex also did not pull out a hat that looked eerily similar to the hat of an iconic movie figure who was both an archeologist and a treasure hunter.

To no surprise, Lex immediately discovered that there really were traps in the tunnels. However, unfortunately- eh, no, fortunately, Lex was both too powerful to be affected by them, and too sharp to fall to them.

Even if he withdrew his spirit and soul sense, which he did not, his instincts would immediately warn him that the tunnels were trying to trick him into entering an illusory maze.

There was no fun- eh, no, there was no point in entering a trap once it was already detected, so Lex spent only a few minutes making his way through the entire tunnel network.

Once, just for research, Lex allowed himself to trigger a trap. The walls began closing around him, though their speed was embarrassingly slow, at least to Lex. What's more, even though he stood in place and allowed the walls to try and squeeze him… they could not. Though Lex suspected anyone else would have been turned into meat paste, the walls could at most give him an unsatisfactory massage.

The torrent of spiritual energy running through the walls would actually be more dangerous to Lex than the traps themselves.

Regardless, with no real obstacles in his way, Lex quickly reached the end of the tunnels. It led to a locked chamber with no indication of how the doors should be opened, but Lex's increased intellect solved the riddle in only a few seconds.

With a defeated sigh, Lex channeled his own spiritual energy through certain hidden pathways, and opened the door. Since the chamber blocked out Lex's spirit sense he did not know what to expect behind it.

That was why, he was finally surprised when he discovered the chamber actually contained a small replica of the city up above.

But half a second later, Lex realized it wasn't necessarily just a replica. Small figures moved through the roads and streets, going about their day, living their daily lives. Thousands of fairies were living there, though they seemed pale and had withered bodies.

When the sound of the opening chamber door reached them, the entire city seemed to freeze, and the fairies looked out at Lex with eyes full of fear and wariness. They were on guard and ready to fight. Were they… also slaves?

One fairy, dressed in battle armor and carrying a remarkable lance, flew up into the air and addressed Lex.

"What do you want, human? We have been keeping our part of the bargain. Do not think you can pressure us into gaining any more than you already have."

Though he had been able to easily discern everything else in this place so far, the sight before him truly had Lex stumped. Were the humans up above keeping the fairies trapped down here?

"I… am not sure what you mean," Lex explained. "I have no relation to anyone you may have dealt with earlier. I am only here searching for something."

"There is nothing here for you, human. Leave!"

Lex felt an urge to scratch his head, but resisted. He could tell that whatever he was looking for was close, and the path led through this chamber. He wanted to avoid picking a fight with the fairies if possible.

"Look, I have to get through, but maybe we can work out some kind of deal. Is there something you guys want that I could help you with?"

"Something we want?" the fairy repeated, his voice trembling with rage. "How about not being enslaved and used as livestock? You have been using us fairies for too long to enjoy benefits you don't deserve! Do not think we will tolerate any more indignity! We will gladly choose death if it comes down to it."

Lex could not help but purse his lips. Pel had told him already that fairies had been cursed to be overlooked and enslaved. Although he had encountered countless fairies before, he never really noticed. Now though, he found it hard to ignore their condition.

A part of him did not blame the humans, since the fairies were suffering from some kind of racial curse. But at the same time, humans could enslave even their own, so he doubted they needed much more of an incentive to enslave others.

Lex spread out his aura, both his Domination and that of his crown, to freeze the fairy on the verge of fighting him.

"I am not from the humans who have enslaved you," he said, his voice reverberating through the chamber. "But maybe I can help you, if you tell me your circumstances. But regardless of what you choose, I need to get through here. Although I feel bad for your condition, that does not mean I will put aside my own quest because of it."

Domination held the fairies in place, and prevented them from acting rashly, but his golden aura did not have the same reaction it did for humans. Instead of stunning and suppressing them, it caused the fairies to become bewildered. They stared at his golden crown with jaws hung open, and eyes that nearly popped out.

"It's the golden crown!" one of the fairies from the city yelled, and started cacophony consisting of similar yells! It seemed the fairies recognized his crown, and were incredibly excited to see it.

"Please forgive my actions, oh great savior!" the armored fairy said, as he put down his lance. "We have been waiting for you for a long time."

"Great savior?" Lex repeated, feeling like the fairies in front of him were slightly bipolar. But it didn't take a genius to figure out that they were reacting to his golden aura.

"Indeed! You wear the golden crown of the great savior! When our ancestors bound us to this domain, embedding the scripts within our bodies that would be used to regulate the energies of this place, they also left room for salvation! The golden crown, which was the only way to unlock the greatest secrets of this domain, would forever be out of reach of those who imprisoned us!

"Only someone who could break through the chains of this domain could receive the highest of accolades that this sealed domain offers! For generations, we have been saving and storing the energy to give birth to the golden crown, so all that remained was someone who could fulfill its requirements! And now, finally, you have arrived!

"Great savior, we besiege you! Head to the heart of the domain, and unlock its final secret! The reward will be yours, and we will finally have a way to break free of our bonds! We have made sure to stay out of sight of the humans for generations! It is unlikely that the new ones even know of us, which will allow us to finally be free of this imprisonment."

Lex understood the gist of what was happening. Generations ago, the fairies were forced to make some changes to the domain by the humans who inhabited, or perhaps wished to inhabit it.

Back then they had no choice but to comply, but they left loopholes for themselves. Not only did they seal the greatest reward this domain had to offer, they left a way out for themselves. Although it was very risky for them to wait for someone else to break into the domain. If Lex hadn't shown up, then who knows how long they would have continued to wait here. Judging by their weakened, withered state, who knew how they'd even be able to survive.

"I don't mind helping you out, but first, can you let me through here? I really need to get through."

"Great savior, it's not that we wish to restrict you. It's just that in the last chamber, our current leader is imprisoned by the torrents of the domain's energy. If you open the door before gaining the secret of the domain, then the leader will die prematurely and one of us will have to replace him. We beseech you, oh great savior! We will help you with anything you need! But please, help free us from this prison that has held us captive for generations."

Lex pursed his lips. It was not ideal to leave the resin once he was so close, but making a small detour wouldn't hurt.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"Tell me where the secret is. I'm in a hurry."



