Chapter 920 Space techniques

﻿﻿Lex wore a solemn expression as he looked at his foe. The suit of armor emanated an aura that felt quite dangerous to him, and his instincts were subtly warning him that his enemy was dangerous - something that had not happened even against the suits of armor that made him bleed when he was training.

The armor looked lean, and yet extremely powerful and durable. Its curves were satisfyingly smooth, and in certain places such as his shoulders, elbows and the top of the helmet, it grew out as if replicating flames. The armor was a soft shade or red, though on the flames the color was more intense.

Unlike the previous suits of armor, this one did not wield a massive, double handed sword, but instead carried a sword and shield combination.

Somehow, Lex doubted he could melt this one so easily.

A smile grew on his face. Fighting was only interesting when it was challenging. He had improved a lot in the recent past - he was eager to see how strong he had become.

Lex summoned his sword and got into position before beginning the test.

Lex actually struggled to see the armor move, but his training and instincts guided his movements. Their swords clashed, ushering forth a rain of sparks and the sounds of thunder.

Before Lex could do anything else, as he was already reeling from the absurd might packed into that sword attack, the shield bashed him in the face. But, unexpectedly, Lex was not sent flying back.

Lex hardened the space around his legs to hold him in place and bashed the shield back. Who said his face was weaker than equipment?

Lex's brain, which was working at full speed, made an observation that if he had blocked using Stalwart Guardian he would have gained the advantage in the previous exchange. It was a reminder to rely on his techniques.

But while he had a momentary lapse with his sword techniques, he did not fail with others.

He Blinked up into the air above the suit of armor. As if predicting where Lex would appear the suit of armor was already turning to attack. Red flames had appeared around it like tentacles and all swung towards Lex as if they were sentient. A trace of Dragons Might appeared and tried to hold Lex down.

But whether it was flames or Dragons Might, he already had an incredible resistance towards them!

Instead of a sword attack, Lex used one of the two space based techniques he had learned as he punched out!

Space Warp!

Right in front of his space, for a region of three feet (0.9 meters) space seemed to bend oddly. Someone observing would think it was just a lighting trick, or illusion, but that was not the case.

This incredibly lethal technique, which Lex could only employ in a very limited range for now, drastically warped space in a small region. While the warping itself was already incredibly deadly, that was only one of the traits of the attack. The second was a sudden, massive spike in gravity that lasted only a few moments.

Despite its short duration, the extent of the gravity increase was enough to shatter even the strongest of materials!

The suit of armor, which had been caught in his attack, was dealt a severe blow! Its shield broke, and its armor was covered in cracks before the effects of gravity even showed themselves.

Then the armor began to deform, as its chest and back caved in slightly. For a moment Lex thought the fight would be over, but then his instincts screamed a warning!

Instantly, Lex Blinked away only to see another suit of armor had appeared in the air, right behind where he had been, and had been moments away from decapitating him!

The broken and battered suit of armor disappeared, as if it were a mirage, leaving only the completely unharmed suit, falling from the sky.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

For a moment Lex was confused. How had it dodged his attack? Lex hadn't sensed anything, or even detected its arrival behind him.

But he did not have long to think, for the moment the armor landed, the fight continued!

Sparks flew in the air as this time Lex did not forget to use his techniques, and craters formed in the ground - the stadium being the only thing seemingly suffering from their clashes.

The suit of armor brought out its techniques, which favored fire and Dragons Might, but Lex could basically ignore them. But oddly enough, the suit of armor could also ignore all his space based attacks, and was skilled enough to dodge or parry all his sword attacks.

They fought, and fought, and fought some more. Lex risked sustaining injuries to attack, but never actually suffered any damage, or managed to hurt the armor. They seemed to reach an impasse.

When the fight kept on continuing like this, and five minutes passed, Lex decided he could no longer afford to wait. Every moment he delayed Ra was getting stronger.

He had to use the second Space technique he mastered, which he was trying to avoid using. Not only did it exhaust him mentally and drain a truly massive portion of his energy reserves, but Lex himself also suffered when it was used.

He entered his Berserk state, and blared his Domination in full. His Berserk state increased his physical abilities tremendously, which is exactly what he needed.

Taking the armor by surprise with his increased speed, he body slammed it and immediately put it in a bear hug, ignoring the flames that covered its body.

Space Unraveling!

Although a moment ago the two had been hurtling across the stadium due to Lex's body slam, they suddenly froze in place. The space around them slowly began to break down, as if turning to ash. But as the ashes fell, they unraveled and turned into something else.

Whether it was Lex's clothes, Lex himself or the suit of armor, all were cut through as they were touched by the transforming ash.

It was not the Void behind space, which would eventually be revealed if this attack continued, that was dangerous. No, it was the extremely potent, powerful and dangerous energy that space was made out of, that it unraveled into, that was the danger. And if that energy touched Lex's Golden core, he would basically be crippled!

But Cassandra had already taught him how to avoid that, so all that remained was for him to mutually suffer some damage with this accursed suit of armor.



Chapter 921 No easy prey

﻿﻿The suit of armor struggled with all its might, but the grip Lex had around its arms and torso did not let it muster much strength. It used various techniques, but since they were mostly fire based they did nothing to Lex.

Lex had not figured out how the suit of armor made a clone and disappeared despite the fact that it had repeated the move a few times already, but Lex had figured out that as long as they were touching, the technique wouldn't work.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

So despite all its effort and resistance, it turned out to be nothing more than its dying throes - or it would have been if Lex continued to use the technique the entire time. Space Warp was extremely expensive in terms of energy consumption, and he could not keep it active for more than a couple of seconds.

So, after using it for exactly half a second, Lex stopped. His main objective was not to defeat the armor like this, but only to severely injure it, which he did. Blood squirted out of the numerous holes that had appeared in Lex's body, but none of them seemed to weaken him.

The armor, on the other hand, was in a much worse condition than Lex. After all, Lex had made sure that the armor bore the brunt of the strange ash that space broke down into.

Weakened, but not defeated, the armor looked at him as it seemed to be preparing a counterattack. But Lex had no intention of giving it such an opportunity.

He summoned his second ceremonial divine item, his self made Butter Knife. Although the weapon was not too sharp, or powerful, as of yet, it was at least durable. Since his hands were behind the armor, as he still gripped it in a bear hug, he stabbed the knife in its back after coating it in his intent, which seemed to work.

With the integrity of the armor already compromised, one big slash was all it took to cut the entire backplate of the armor.

It suddenly lost power, and fell limp, but just to be sure, Lex stabbed it in the helmet before slicing it in two, before allowing the armor to fall out of his arms.

He stood over the armor, panting and wounded. If he had taken his time, then he could have probably finished the fight without taking any major injuries. But time was exactly what he lacked, so he had to make some compromises.

But if this was the difficulty level already, he could imagine how difficult the next test would be. It was unlikely he could pass it quickly, or even at all as he was right now!

Were there actually Golden core cultivators out in the universe who could make it through so many tests?

He… he had to ask Cassandra. Lex put away his two divine items, picked up the sword used by this particular suit of armor, and exited the test to find the two figures waiting for him. Cassandra, upon seeing his condition, actually looked disappointed.

"Are there really other people who can pass these tests at my level?" Lex asked as he waited for her to heal him. She would summon a suit of armor to control divinity to do so - at least that's what she used to do while they were training.

"It is rare to find someone with as many advantages as you, though not impossible. But throughout history there have been many humans who, despite having fewer advantages, were more versatile than you. They used weaker weapons to deliver greater damage.

"We can discuss these things another time. The deity you're targeting is still on this level. Get on your Fenrir and sneak up to it immediately. I don't even know if you'll be able to avoid its detection anymore, it is growing strong fast. I also can't heal you, if that's what you were expecting. If I use divine energy on this level, the deity will sense it immediately."

"What about using some of the suits of armor as backup?" Lex asked as he climbed the pup who did not mind his bloody state. Besides, his abnormally fast healing had already stopped most of the bleeding.

"That is not how it works. I do not have the authority to use training dummies in this manner. Any and all damage I inflict using the dummies, I also have to heal. Besides, if I summon any suits of armor strong enough to defeat the deity, it will sense the danger and escape. Approaching it stealthily is the only option."

"Well, you don't need to worry about him running away even if he does sense me," Lex said reassuringly. "We have an old grudge to settle. I doubt he'll miss the chance to get his revenge."

"Hurry now, and remember what I've taught you. Damage the core of the clone as quickly as possible. Since this is not its true body, there will be some ceremonial item inside its body which can sustain its divinity."

"I know," said Lex and leaned forward on the pup, so that their bodies were close together.

"This is going to be a big hunt. Do your best," he said to Fenrir, even as he mentally prepared himself.

The reason he took a new sword, despite the fact that it was normal length and not eight feet long, was that it was sharper and deadlier than the one he was using previously. He did not want to give up a single advantage.

The pup, well aware that their quarry was no easy prey, began to use its various techniques to hide them. He removed their presence, washed away all of Lex's smell, eliminated their energy signatures and did his absolute best to blend it.

It was impossible to completely take a deity by surprise, as divinity literally was of the min energies responsible for divination and future sight. But that also did not mean that deities were all knowing. They would try to get as close as possible before they were detected. Sometimes, even if one saw the future coming, they could not avoid it.



Chapter 922 Corruption

﻿﻿A baby riding a wolf pup stealthily made their way through the temple halls, following directions given by Cassandra's projection before she vanished. Even as a projection, she could not follow them, as projections contained some traces of energy which might be detected.

The carpeted, fragrant rooms they traversed through contained diluted traces of energy reminiscent of the one they experienced at the previous level, which allowed Lex to heal further. Although he had only used Space Warp for half a second, it had severely depleted his energy reserves. Fortunately, as they made their way to Ra, those reserves returned to full.

But, similarly, Ra would also be much more powerful now, as he had spent months on this level already. Lex thought back to their last exchange. At that time, stating that he was an atheist felt really cool, but he was sure that he would pay up for trying to look cool now.

But even so, Lex never doubted his ability to win.

Now that he himself could potentially be targeted by the temple's enemies should the temple be revealed, he was even willing to pull out desperate measures, such as the immortal level bombs he had in his spatial bangle.

But, more than likely, his Butter Knife would be more beneficial in this fight. Despite its short time existing, divine weapons were uniquely suited to be used against deities and races that relied on divine energy.

He steadied his breathing and narrowed his eyes as they neared Ra. Even before Lex could see him, he could sense him. The deity was not restraining his aura at all, and so its divine pressure was spread throughout the many rooms that surrounded it.

Maybe it was a way of keeping away enemies, as not everyone could ignore the pressure as easily as Lex and Fenrir. Maybe he was just too focused on restoring himself to worry about such things.

His instincts also began to act up. They were not warning of the grave danger ahead, as one would expect. Instead, they were blaring as loudly as they could that Lex needed to go handle business with Ra before it was too late! Oddly, that was reassuring.

Fenrir suddenly slowed down its pace drastically, and lowered its body to the ground. Although it did not growl audibly, Lex felt the vibrations in its body. Something about Ra was making the pup unusually aggressive.

Lex did not speak, not even through his spirit sense, but he pressed firmly on its back to remind it to stay calm.

After a few moments, they finally spotted Ra, and Lex was surprised by what he saw. He had expected that after so long, the deity would look restored to his former glory, radiating power and might.

Instead, Ra knelt amidst the crumbling stones of a wall he had demolished, his hand firmly pressed against a metal pipe passing through, his once majestic form now marred by a tapestry of wounds. His wings, once a symbol of divine majesty, hung limp and tattered at his sides, feathers singed and scorched from whatever damage he had sustained.

With each labored breath, the flicker of life within him threatened to wane, a testament to the severity of his condition. Despite the agony that threatened to consume him, Ra's expression burned with a fierce determination, fueled by the primal instinct for survival that pulsed through his veins. In the dim light of the desecrated temple hall, he seemed more a dying creature than a recovered deity!

He seemed to be absorbing energy from that metal pipe, but the process seemed more painful and labored than reinvigorating and restorative.

Up close, Lex could even tell that there was something wrong with the aura he was exuding as well.

It was not the pure and 'divine' energy he was expecting. Instead, it was sickly and polluted. It would be more apt to call it corrupted energy rather than divine.

What in the world had Ra gone through?

As Lex and Fenrir neared the once great Ra, Lex could hear an insidious voice grunting and grumbling in his mind. It was as if, in close proximity, the energy from Ra's body acted akin to spirit sense. That wasn't good, but fortunately, the deity was too focused on whatever he was doing to notice them.

Lex heard words, but even his universal translator failed to translate them. Or perhaps they meant nothing at all. He recognized Ra's voice, though, as well as the copious amount of fury packed into the voice.

The closer they stepped to the deity, the more strange things began to happen. It started to become darker, and the air smelled like… like the sensation of nausea. Lex felt something brush past his body, but he resisted it.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

A curse… He knew what it was instinctive, but it could not latch onto him. Fenrir, too, seemed immune, though he was vibrating more and more.

Lex did not summon his sword yet, as the threat of a weapon could alert Ra, but he set his eyes on the deity's body. Their plan was set. They were already much closer than they had initially expected. Fenrir took one more step, and both of them saw an unnatural tremble pass through the deity's body.

He had sensed them at last!

But it was too late. Fenrir, having long suppressed the revulsion it felt deep in its bones, suppressed himself no longer and leaped at the battered body, his teeth digging deep into its neck.

Lex's tiny body had also leaped forward, the Butter Knife appearing in his hand, and plunged it into Ra's chest where his heart should have been. He was aiming to stab the core of Ra's body, the ceremonial item buried within this vessel. But instead of the ceremonial item, he found a distinct lack of anything. It was as if his hand had punctured into an empty shell.

"I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR YOU!" roared a broken, grating voice as Ra's body crumpled to the ground, clearly a distraction.



Chapter 923 Ruler of Heaven vs Invincible Tyrant

﻿﻿"Surprise, surprise," said Lex, his voice tinged with sarcasm as he watched the broken and battered body on the floor. "A trap. Who could have seen that coming?"

Everything about Lex, from his posture, to his tone of voice and his words spoke of the fact that he was displaying a very cavalier attitude - as if he did not take his current situation as a threat at all.

The truth was the exact opposite. Lex had, in fact, spread out all his spirit and soul sense the moment he felt something odd about Ra's body. But while he heard Ra screaming, he could not detect the deity.

Unless he found Ra, there was nothing he could do to him. So, the best solution he had was to bait him.

The two of them already had animosity, and based on his experience, Lex judged that Ra was either not in his best state mentally, or he was just a very careless deity. Either way, aggravating him was the best way of luring him out.

"THINGS ARE DIFFERENT NOW, VERMIN! YOU WILL NOT CATCH ME UNPREPARED AGAIN! I CONTROL THE CYCLE OF LIFE AND DEATH! YOU WILL SUFFER FOR ETERNITY!"

"An eternity of torture is much preferred to hearing you moan," Lex said, surveying his surroundings. Even his left eye was active, yet he could not locate him.

"PATHETIC WORM, KNEEL!"

The nauseating, corrupt aura that had been emanating from Ra's body crashed down on Lex. Lex was… almost amused. Was Ra trying to use aura to pressure him?

"That's cute," Lex said, smirking.

Before he could continue taunting Ra, Fenrir growled. Yet it was no ordinary growl, as it was laced with some kind of power.

Their surroundings rippled, and then changed. The glamorous yet damaged hall they were in changed, and was replaced into what looked like destroyed ruins. There were no lights on around them, no walls or doors. Everything had been destroyed and cleared out.

In the darkness, Lex saw the vague outline of Ra, and behind him stood hundreds of suits of armor, each reeking of corrupted divinity. But that was far from all. Twisted, tainted figures stood in the dark, vaguely resembling Ra's original form. The resemblance was vague because while Ra originally looked befitting a deity, these creatures looked like tormented souls dragged from the deepest hells.

They were misshapen and horrid, with many unusual joints, decayed feathers and an aura that was even more corrupt than Ra himself.

"Ra, I think you've been hanging out with the wrong crowd," Lex said as he summoned his sword. The situation did not look good. There must be hundreds of corrupted armors behind him. How could Ra achieve this while hiding it from Cassandra?

Lex did not believe that he could, which only meant that she had been lying to him, or hiding information from him. Lex was not surprised. He was incredibly wary of anyone who wanted to give him rewards and gifts at no charge - that was the primary reason he could never bring himself to trust the system.

Even if deep down, he felt that he should trust Mateo and Cassandra, Lex just could not. After all, if his parents could keep secrets from him, why couldn't others?Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

But even so, there was a reason he played along with everything. Even now, Lex did not feel like he was losing control of the situation. If the worst comes to worst, he could just abandon the temple and run. But for that he would have to rescue Z first.

But all of those things would only matter if the situation went out of control. For now, Lex did not feel like it had reached that point. As for whether Cassandra and Mateo had been hiding things from him, he could always question them later.

The corrupted deity did not seem as affected by Lex's words as he had assumed. Now that the reality of the situation had been uncovered by Fenrir, instead of bellowing at him in anger, the deity stood at the forefront of his small army, and looked down on Lex with a demeaning grin.

"I bet you're pretty mad, huh, Ra?" Lex said, gathering his own aura as he prepared for the upcoming fight. "Guess what? Half the reason I put up with so much stuff for so long… is because I'm not completely satisfied either. For plotting against the Inn, how could I let you off so easily?"

Even though currently Lex was only a foot large, the pressure he was giving off was nothing short of gargantuan. Notorious Anonymity covered his face and Domination spread out across the floor.

Lex did not leap forward. He did not run or charge either. Step by step, he began to approach Ra, his momentum rising as he approached. Behind him a vague image appeared momentarily, but it dispersed too quickly and no one could tell what it was.

But no one was looking behind him to begin with. Short though he might be, the bloodlust Lex was giving off was not little. He had been biding and suppressing his remaining anger in his mind for too long. Now, he finally let it all out.

"Kill him," Ra commanded, undeterred by the display. As a deity, what kind of warrior had he not already seen? In his long life, Lex would not even be worthy of being remembered.

The corrupted creatures and suits of armor charged forth, spreading their corruption like a tumor.

Ra did not know what this place was, though he felt like he should. It was almost as if the memory of this place had been forcibly stripped from his mind. But no matter, he had recovered tremendously, and regained some of his authorities. With the authority of creation at his disposal, what did he have to fear?

His minions finally reached Lex, but a single swipe of his intent- covered sword was enough to push them back.

The fight between Ra, the ruler of heavens and the bringer of light, and the Invincible Tyrant had begun.

Suddenly, Ra'sfigure felt teeth sink into its neck, and a wolf pup appeared out of nowhere!



Chapter 924 Knowledge is power

﻿﻿Whether it was the corrupted armors or beasts, none of them were weak. With the sharpness of his blade accompanied by the strength behind it, not to mention sword intent, it should have easily sliced through them if they were ordinary, but it did not.

If there was one saving grace to being assaulted from all sides by powerful foes, it was that the diminished space prevented them from dodging and blocking his attacks effectively.

Inferno Blade: Clean Sweep! Inferno Blade: Judgment!

Those were the two close combat attacks from the Inferno Blade technique, Clean Sweep designed to hit many enemies and Judgment designed to overwhelm a single one. Transitioning between various moves from the same technique would gradually raise the attack power of each move. Moreover, it was easy to transition between moves from the same technique.

So Lex began to exclusively use these two moves, not bothering with the long range one. The entire blade turned molten red after a few moves, but that did not compromise the integrity of the blade - it just made it more lethal.

Those that had been able to survive his first attacks were now being burnt and cut through at the same time.

One of the feathery creatures attacked from above, its hands containing a black ball of living flesh, still thumbing. Lex would naturally not miss it, and his blade did not hesitate to deliver Judgment. The creature died, and Lex did not hesitate to transition into Clean Sweep to cut off a couple of armors closing in, but the black flesh exploded under the attack. Parts of it were seared, but nonetheless a revolting goo splashed the entire area.

Yet, somehow, not a speck fell on Lex. He naturally did not miss the flesh when he attacked, and by now Lex had thoroughly learnt his lesson. He took no enemy lightly, and no situation too easily. Earlier, he thought he had Ra contained, but the entire planet ruptured through space itself, preventing him from finishing him off. If back then Lex had killed him, he would not be in this situation.

So now, the one lesson Lex took very seriously and intended to enact forever was that he would never take an enemy lightly, and never dwell in his overconfidence.

Lex was all too used to his mindset changing, as that's what growing entailed. But this shift somehow enhanced him in ways he could not have guessed. Even without entering the state of Flow, he seemed to be in a perfect flow.

His skills, practiced and polished, melded perfectly with the warnings from his instincts. His spirit sense fed him information on everything that was happening around him for 300 feet (100 meters), so technically he did not need his instincts to guide him. That is why he was not being guided.

He used the information he got and reacted even more perfectly than his instincts could have. After all, his objective was different from his instincts, which only wanted to protect him. No, he wanted to wreak havoc.

But the sword, which was now encased in flames, was not his only weapon. The corrupted beasts had souls, and so wherever he looked, his eyes delivered Evisceration! Where the bodies were out of reach of his blade, he burnt the souls directly!

A glow suddenly illuminated the room as an array activated in the ground beneath them. Without looking, and without alerting anyone, Lex had used his feet to draw a massive array. Anyone observing him would have only thought that he was dodging the attacks around him when he moved in between the horde surrounding him. In a sense, he really had been. But more importantly, he was using his feet to draw a massive array.

The array started out with a soft glow, but continued to get brighter until it illuminated the entire room. It was not an attack, per se. It was a purifying light. But as it happened, while studying about how to defeat a deity under Cassandra, he had learned about corrupted divinity, and how anything pure was its bane. Ironic, considering how it had started out.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The black, putrid stench of decay that filled this entire room and encompassed not only Ra but also all its minions was nothing other than corrupted divinity.

Ra was experiencing what Cassandra called a 'Fall from Grace', but that didn't matter right now.

Lex had barely used any effort at all, yet the entire tide of minions was immobilized. The few dozen he slayed personally lay in broken, burnt and melted pieces around him, while the rest fell to the ground and began to writhe under the purifying light coming from his array.

Knowing the enemy's weakness made such a massive difference. If Lex had not studied, he would have relied on his lightning tribulation arrays, as he always did.

He ignored the cannon fodder and looked towards Ra.

It's body was more easily visible now, so it was much easier to tell it had been corrupted. It's once graceful feathers had been shed, and replaced by sickly flesh and jagged bones. But that did not make it look weaker, no. Falling from Grace only made the fallen stronger. After all, some considered this the true manifestation of divinity.

Nonetheless, even with its newfound power, Ra was nowhere near his peak. On top of that, his existence aggravated Fenrir in a way Lex had never seen before. The result was a massive Fenrir, returned to its original size, fighting barbarically against the avian deity.

Fenrir took a lot more damage than Ra, but that did not mean Ra was uninjured. For whatever reason, Fenrir's claws were especially potent against Ra.

Unhurried, Lex stepped forward, dragging the flaming sword on the ground behind him, his left eye forever focused on Ra, searching for a weakness. With his left hand now free, he began to draw another array. Simple tricks such as a purifying light wouldn't work on a full fledged deity, so Lex would have to be more creative.



Chapter 925 Throne

﻿﻿There was a reason Ra was so confident this time around, even if Lex couldn't see it yet. With his left eye, he observed the fallen deity, and though he discovered certain weaknesses, most were beyond his current ability. Purity was an obvious weakness, but it would not work as well against Ra as it did his minions. Pure divine energy, ironically, seemed to be a weakness as well.

Besides that, Lex also looked out for its strengths. Lex was sure that Ra knew that his minions could never hope to defeat him, but he sent them forth, anyway. Perhaps he wanted to use the black sludge coming out of their bodies to poison him somehow, or maybe they were just a part of a greater setup. If Lex could determine the deities plan beforehand, he could work against it.

Unfortunately, he could learn nothing of note. That left him only one option - to defeat Ra before he could pull whatever trick he had in mind.

Just as Lex had that thought, the array he was building was completed. A beam of intense white light shot out towards Ra. The deity, although occupied with Fenrir, had enough awareness to dodge the beam. He even turned and showed a smug face. But it was pointless.

The beam was never an attack. The moment it reached the other corner of the room, it exploded, not in an earthshaking or massive explosion. Instead, it painted the entire area in a white, shining glow, leaving the entire place without a single shadow.CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

The minions groaned even more, and the various spatters of black goo that had filled the battlefield began to evaporate. This was a simple precaution Lex took to turn the battlefield in his own favor.

Ra's smug grin turned into a grimace, but he seemed to no longer want to wait. He twisted his finger and began channeling a massive stream of corrupted divine energy. Lex had no experience in blocking the flow of this kind of energy, so he decided to raise the pressure while he did so.

With a flaming sword and endless soul attacks from his eyes, Lex launched himself at Ra. Though he did not expect to hurt him much, or at all, through these attacks, he attacked as if the very next hit would slay Ra. Fenrir, too, did not slow down his onslaught.

If anything, the two formed a strange synergy between them where they were not only attacking in tandem, but the timing and position of each assault was perfectly coordinated. When Lex went high, Fenrir went low. When Lex came from the left, Fenrir came from the right.Moreover, they seemed to make each other stronger as well.

Lex's assaults were a burning fury, while Fenrir's was laced with a deadly cold. Lex's sword was coated in intent, and Fenrir's claws could tear through any divinity. Lex's eyesight itself was an assault, and so too were Fenrir's growls.

All the while, Lex continuously messed with Ra's divinity. It was much harder to finely control corrupted divinity, so he did not bother with fine control. He instead pushed it and pulled it with every move, causing endless interference.

"YOU ARE A COCKROACH AND WILL BE CRUSHED AS SUCH!" Ra finally roared, losing his composure that he had maintained so long.

As if a dam had burst, a massive tide of corrupt divinity flowed out of him, far beyond Lex's capacity to influence. The light in the room dimmed, as if fighting against the corruption.

Clearly Ra was making a big move, and Lex was dedicated to disrupting all his plans.

Already close to the deity's body, Lex needed no preparation. He simply shifted his body weight after a particular sword swipe and punched Ra.

The deity dodged, as he had been doing for so long, but he could not anticipate Lex's attack.

Space Warp!

Fenrir pulled back, as if anticipating Lex's move, and began to prepare an attack of his own. Space warped three feet around his fist, which included a large part of Ra's torso.

The fluid space did not seem to affect him at all, but when the intense gravity hit, Ra screamed in agony. Even his corrupted divine energy lost control, and started to lash around the hall as if it were a whip instead of a stream of energy.

Noticing its effectiveness, Lex put away his sword and punched the deity again but with his other hand. Injured and affected by gravity, Ra was unable to dodge the fist that landed directly on its face.

Yet the lack of pain from the hit did not bring it pleasure, for it knew what came next. Space warped around his face, and the deities' entire body trembled in pain. He could not scream, for even the sound seemed pulled in by gravity. Its eyes submerged into its skull and its peak deformed.

A reason engulfing rage filled Ra as he let go of everything and just focused on killing Lex. His technique finally came into effect, or at least some technique. The room around them morphed, and the rubble began to rearrange itself, assembling a stage and a throne.

Hands made of solid stone emerged from the ground and grabbed Lex and Fenrir, trying to pull the two into the solid stone beneath them.

New corrupted beasts began to emerge from within the platform, as if it contained an endless number of mutilated souls for Ra to use - and use them, he did. Like a drip, the souls from the stage merged into Ra, and the corruption around him deepened.

Propelled by some invisible force, Ra floated into the air past their reach, and towards the throne. Lex tried to stop him, but the numerous desperate hands emerging from the ground gripped him too tightly.

Even if he was able to break one hand, dozens more caught on and wouldn't let him go. They were not a threat, but they could slow him down drastically, something he severely wanted to avoid. But it was too late for that.

Ra landed on his throne and fixed his gaze on Lex.



Chapter 926 Judgment

﻿﻿With Ra's gaze fixed on Lex, a pressure fell on the room and everything became still. This pressure was not like that of divine aura or Dragons Might, which Lex could overcome through sheer force of will and determination.

The entire room froze still under its effect, including Fenrir and the hands as well. The only thing still working was Lex's mind - he could not even drive his energy at the moment. Lex did not panic, but he was cognizant of the fact that he was stuck in a tricky situation.

If Ra were so powerful, he could instantly freeze them all to begin with, and then there would have been no reason to put up with their previous farce. But he hadn't and even tolerated the humiliation of being attacked by Lex and Fenrir at the same time. He even suffered many wounds from Fenrir, though for some reason he attributed the hatred from that to Lex as well. The point was, Ra's ego would not allow him to tolerate such a thing unless it was absolutely necessary.

The only explanation was that this was a part of his technique, and the reason why Cassandra had specifically taught him to disrupt divine techniques. But she had not taught him how to effectively disrupt corrupted divinity, which is what he faced. This was either just another thing she hid from him, or the temple had no way for him to train with corrupted divinity. At least she had taught him all the traits of corrupted divinity, so he wasn't caught unaware.

"YOU INSUFFERABLE COCKROACH," Ra's voice boomed, though he was not yelling frustratedly anymore. "YOUR CRIMES ARE NUMEROUS, AND FOR THAT I SENTENCE YOU TO AN ETERNITY OF SUFFERING!"

Lex observed everything with his left eye and saw massive amounts of energy begin to flow as soon as Ra spoke. Just as he suspected, this was some kind of technique. As if he were not the one being judged, Lex calmly but quickly reviewed everything he knew about deities.

Whether they are fallen or not, the nature of a deity's power is dependent on their beliefs. If they want to expand their list of abilities, they need to either incorporate that into their belief or steal the domain of another deity, which naturally will add that both to their belief and their abilities.

Lex, unfortunately, had not done extensive research into Ra's beliefs, but he vaguely recalled some stuff back from earth when he visited Egypt. Let's see, there was something to do with being the top deity, the creator of everything. He vaguely recalled something about judging the souls of the deceased. Or was that another guy?

But looking at Ra sitting on his throne, this really did look like him judging Lex. If that was the case…

Lex immediately summoned both his new Invincible Tyrant mask, as well as the Butter Knife. Although he could not move his body, his spirit sense was free. He used that to manipulate some of the divine energy around them and imbue the mask and knife with it.

Ra immediately sensed what Lex was doing and sneered.

"FOOLISH ATTEMPTS!" his voice bellowed, and Lex's surroundings changed. Instead of a stage, Lex found himself in a…

Even with how serious the situation was, Lex could not help but burst into laughter due to how unexpected, yet expected, the situation was. He found himself in a lava pit.

Now that his surroundings had changed, the pressure holding him down had disappeared, but the arms of stone still held him down. Completely ignoring his surroundings, Lex began hurrying up the imbuing process. Although there were multiple ways to negate deities' techniques and abilities, the easiest way out of them was to interfere before they were established. Since Lex failed that, his next step was to use divine energy itself, or items containing divine energy, to fight back.

Moreover, instead of breaking the stone arms, he began cycling his cultivation technique, absorbing the divine energy from the arms. But Lex stopped that almost immediately. Although his cultivation technique would eventually adapt him to tolerate corrupted divine energy, at the moment he couldn't deal with it, and that's exactly what filled the hands.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

As if completely incensed by Lex's dismissal of his situation, Ra leaned forward to glare at him as he hurried up, filling the pit with lava. He was looking forward to seeing Lex scream and plead as the lava burnt him. This was, of course, not ordinary lava, but a special kind that directly burned the soul instead of the body!

Yet Lex seemed to completely ignore the lava even as it inched closer. Ra sneered at his attempts to put up a brave front, but even as the lava finally touched his feet, and began to surround his body, Lex did not even flinch.

Sure that he was just resisting the inevitable, Ra leaned even further in anticipation of his inevitable cries. But they never came.

Lex, meanwhile, was curious about why Ra constantly kept forgetting about Fenrir? Was that the pup's new ability?

The Butter Knife fully imbued, Lex's eyes flashed as he began his retaliation. He swiped the knife at the many hands holding him down, cutting through them like… like a hot knife through butter.

Free from his restraints, Lex bolted, not away from the lava, but inside of it. His eye had already located the weak point of this technique, and he was going to stab it. Contrary to what he had expected, this lava was actually hot, and it did burn him. But the extent of the burns was completely negligible for Lex right now.

Ra, stunned in disbelief at what he was seeing, nearly dropped its jaw - or its lower beak. But since his focus was completely fixed on Lex, he seemed to have once again forgotten about the existence of Fenrir. He did not even notice when the pup broke out of his restraints, and was reminded of it only when he once again felt teeth sink into his neck.



Chapter 927 Guilt trip

﻿﻿This time, Fenrir had learnt his lesson. Although Ra's body may seem like it was solid, it was actually just a shell made entirely from corrupted divinity. Hidden somewhere within the shell was the ceremonial item that kept his clone active.

So unlike last time, when it bit Ra's neck with the intention of cutting through his vitals, this time Fenrir gripped tightly, and injected its own energy deep within Ra's body.

The force from Fenrir's tackle pushed them off the throne, and suddenly his ability deactivated. Lex, who was about to cut through the weak point of the technique with his knife, suddenly found himself back in the hall.

"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU?" Ra's voice roared as his body disintegrated and reappeared behind Fenrir. Every time the pup attacked him Ra was reminded of him, but every time he focused on Lex, he seemed to forget about this wolf pup. But having suffered numerous attacks, he no longer avoided Fenrir in favor of punishing Lex.

"It's time to end this," he murmured, more to himself than anyone else. The odd forgetfulness he was experiencing caused him to raise his guard as he detected some kind of hidden danger. He still did not know where he was, and if there were any more enemies waiting for him.

As much as it wanted to feel the satisfaction of watching Lex suffer, it was safer to just kill him.

Ra reactivated his ability, once again summoning his throne as well as the stage where he could judge Lex and Fenrir. Corrupted divine energy rose in the air like a tidal wave, ready to swallow the stage as Ra retreated to the throne. New hands jutted from the ground ready to grab Lex and Fenrir once more, preventing them from following Ra.

But repeating the same trick would not work now that Lex knew what it entailed. Long before Ra could get anywhere near the throne, Lex, ignoring the hands around him, Blinked directly over.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The tiny Lex, wearing his ceremonial mask that looked like Notorious Anonymity, sat down on the throne and looked at Ra. He tried to hijack the deities technique, although he was fairly certain he wouldn't be able to use it. Unfortunately, he was right.

Sitting on the throne didn't give him the power to judge Ra, even if he used Domination to replicate the intensely oppressive aura he had felt when the deity sat on the throne.

"Oh well," he muttered and stabbed his butter knife into the throne. Despite being assembled from the rubble nearby, the throne's durability was from the stone it was made of, but the energy which held it up. His knife precisely cut through that energy, breaking the technique.

Ra let out an infuriated scream as he controlled the tide of corrupted energy to fall onto Lex and Fenrir as he tried to retreat.

But no matter how far he retreated, with Blink at his disposal, Lex was always within reach. Lex teleported behind Ra and used his sword to attack with Inferno Blade while he used the butter knife in his left hand to stab him as well.

Unexpectedly, both the sword strike as well as the butter knife struck Ra. The enraged deity had not tried to dodge, but instead turned to grab onto Lex. His body suffered the attack, but it was not without results.

"Tomb of eternal regret!" Ra chanted, and his body liquified and covered Lex immediately. Lex tried to blink away, but wherever he went, the liquid teleported with him. Too quickly for him to try everything else, the liquid completely surrounded Lex's body before solidifying in the shape of a casket.

Some distance away, Ra reappeared, his body much smaller this time but he did not seem to care. He almost smiled and gloated, but before he could he felt jaws clamping around his neck once again.

Lex, entombed within solidified corrupted divinity, was trying to break free but it was not so simple. He could not move his body at all, as it was once again under the same suppression he experienced back on stage.

He had the butter knife in his hand, which was slowly and consistently damaging the corrupted divinity just by being in contact with it, but the speed was slow. The mask around his face, instead, was not damaging the divinity, but somehow protecting Lex from some of its effects, though he couldn't tell what they were.

Ultimately, he was trapped and the pressure on his body was gradually increasing. Even with his strength, it would only be a couple of minutes before he started to get crushed.

Sensing that his current situation was a lot more dire than anything Ra had put him through so far, Lex tried some drastic measures - but none of them seemed to work.

He even tried activating Space Unraveling in an attempt to break this tomb that way, but every time he got close to activating the technique, Lex would become extremely dizzy and lose control of his energy.

He needed to come up with a quick way to escape this tomb. If he began cultivating his body would slowly adapt to this corrupted divinity, that would take hours - time that he did not have. What could he-

"You know, you never really checked up on Big Ben after you brought him to the Inn…" whispered a voice in Lex's ear. "Sure, you sent him and his wife to the hospital. But they lost their unborn child, and you never even check up on them. Forget being a decent boss, are you even a decent human being?"

Lex froze, startled not only by the voice, but by what it had said as well. What it said was not true, he had made sure that they were alive and well…

"Oh yeah, you checked through your system. But did you ever go meet them? Personally? But isn't that just who you are? Didn't you do the same with Harry? You dropped by once and-"

Lex snorted and began ignoring the voices in his head. Trying to guilt trip him? He had seen enough anime to know that trick like the back of his hand. He resumed his efforts to escape.



Chapter 928 Diversion

﻿﻿In essence, there were a lot of things Lex hadn't done perfectly, or even well. But he knew that his intentions were always good, and that he was always trying to improve. If, despite that, he messed up somehow, he'd just learn from that mistake. As long as he was alive, he could do something to make up for it.

With a mentality like that, it was difficult for Lex to get pulled into feelings of guilt and shame, especially during a situation like the one he was in. Perhaps there was more to the technique and his mask was blocking out key factors which would result in him falling victim to it.

But while the effectiveness of the technique dropped, it didn't change the fact that Lex was slowly getting crushed to death.

Lex tried a number of different things, from his various techniques, to teleporting away by first creating a barrier between himself and the tomb, but none of them seemed to work. Either the tomb could tolerate the damage from his techniques, or his techniques would fail to execute.

The voices in his head were also getting louder, so that even if he was not affected by them, he was certainly distracted by them.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Lex entered his Overdrive state to consider possible solutions to his situation and suddenly something clicked. He recalled a moment during his training when Cassandra mentioned that his mask seemed inherently predisposed to enticing negative emotions.

Although the comment seemed harmless, it triggered an idea. He used his spirit sense to guide the corrupted divinity around him towards his mask and tried to imbue the mask with it.

At first, the mask seemed to resist, but eventually, it began absorbing the energy. When that moment came, it was as if a floodgate had been broken, and the corrupted divine energy flowed into a mask like a torrent.

The tomb around him began to loosen, and Lex could already feel the constraints around him disappearing. It seemed like his mask, which already looked evil and intimidating, was bound to get its subsequent power ups from corrupted divinity.

At the moment, Lex did not care. Even if the mask absorbed corrupted divinity, it did not have a direct effect on Lex. There was a chance that using it would come with some drawbacks, solely due to the corrupted nature of the energy which was now empowering it, but he would deal with that when the time came.

He could feel his mask becoming stronger, but now was not the time to feed it. The moment the surrounding tomb loosened enough for him to escape, Lex teleported out once more.

Ra and Fenrir had been fighting outside while he was escaping, and the situation did not look well for the pup. Although it had hurt Ra tremendously, the deity just continued to heal its body with more corrupt, divine energy. What was worse was that without Lex to occupy Ra's attention, it focused solely on the pup and managed to injure it quite severely.

Although Fenrir was impressive, it did not have the same resilience as Lex. Maintaining his Overdrive state, Lex analyzed Ra, searching for weaknesses but discovered something else. The deity was accumulating a massive amount of energy within its body, and was no doubt preparing for something.

Lex grit his teeth and considered using one of the missiles, but the situation was not so hopeless yet. Lex needed to distract Ra for a moment while he searched for the ceremonial item Ra was using.

With his direction decided, Lex immediately came up with a plan, but could not help but sigh.

"This is going to hurt," he mumbled as he summoned an extremely bright crystal from his spatial bangle and put it in his mouth. That was one of the purer energy crystals used in the Crystal realm, and contained much more energy than even Lex contained. He did not swallow the crystal, but just kept it in his mouth. This way, when he needed to absorb energy from it, it would be much easier, and his hands would be free.

Lex transitioned to his Flow state and Blinked over to Ra. When he appeared, Lex was already in the middle of throwing a punch, so he wasted no time in aiming at Ra's body.

The moment his fist touched Ra, Lex activated Space Warp, once again distorting the deities body. But he already knew hurting Ra's body was futile, so the purpose of that attack was not to injure him, but to disrupt the deities' control over his own energy.

Without missing a beat, Lex summoned dozens of Imperial Shields around them both, enhanced by his spatial affinity, therefore blocking Ra from teleporting out.

Then, he began absorbing the freed up corrupted divine energy into his mask, while at the same time he used Space Unraveling within their enclosed space. Considering the state of Ra's body, Lex would take more of a beating, but as long as Ra's energy control continued to be disrupted his objective would be met.

"WHY ARE YOU SO ANNOYING?" Ra roared, right before his beak evaporated under the influence of the dissolving space.

"CHAOS ENERGY? ARE YOU CRAZY?" Ra's voice echoed in their trapped space, despite the fact that he no longer had a mouth.

Lex could originally only use this technique for a couple of seconds, but considering that he was recharging his energy actively, the duration was extended by a few seconds more. Those few, hard won seconds were not spent in peace, as not only was Lex himself having his body burnt through, but he had to dodge Ra's attacks while maintaining every other action he was doing. But the Flow state ensured that Lex's concentration was never broken, regardless of the condition of his body.

"Your ceremonial item… is not hiding inside your body!" Lex suddenly exclaimed. Ra's body was a diversion, the item was somewhere else to begin with!

Lex instantly dismissed the shields, stopped Space Unraveling and Blinked away. Broken, battered, and missing an eye, Lex suddenly started sweeping the area for Ra's core as he suddenly started getting a very bad feeling. This entire fight had been a diversion!



Chapter 929 Finally





?"Fenrir, his body is just a diversion!" Lex stated through his spirit sense. "Instead of attacking him, look for the item!"

No matter what, Ra would definitely interfere with their search. After all, if the deity had gone through so much pain and effort just to distract them, he was either plotting something sinister or was incredibly weak at the moment.

Regardless of whichever one it was, they could not afford to wait. The only thing in their favor at the moment was the fact that the item itself was probably not so far from them. After all, it had to maintain its control over the body made from energy, as well as its numerous techniques.

Between the two of them, Fenrir was more likely to succeed because he could somehow make Ra forget about him. Lex's plan was to search for the item, but most attract Ra's attention while he searched, so Fenrir could investigate freely.

"COME BACK HERE!" Ra roared, having realized that his ploy had been seen through. While Lex looked severely injured, Ra was not any better, either. His body could continuously heal using the corrupted divine energy, but the more of it he used, the less he had in reserve. That meant Ra's body was continuously decreasing in size! By now, after its previous vicious beating, its body was barely larger than Lex's!

Lex, of course, had no interest in obeying Ra, so the miniature deity chased after him. But a game of tag with someone who could use Blink was bound to yield no results. Using his left eye and spirit sense, Lex scanned his surroundings before teleporting away. The first thing he investigated was the strange metal pipe Ra had been holding.

He had appeared to be siphoning energy away from it, but Lex dared not overlook anything. But it was too obvious, and there was no sign of any ceremonial item nearby. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

He teleported again and again, overturning even random rubble on the floor lest the item be hidden underneath.

As soon as Ra realized that he couldn't catch up to Lex, he stopped his chase, a dangerous look gleaming in his eyes. He began gathering divine energy and prepared for a powerful technique. This was an opportunity for him as well. It was a race between whether Lex would find the item first, or would his technique–

Without warning, Lex Blinked behind him and stabbed him with the butter knife, inciting a pain and rage filled scream.

"Why are you getting so comfortable while I'm doing all the work?" Lex asked, before Blinking away again. He had no intentions of fighting Ra anymore, but that was no reason to allow him to be so comfortable.

Under normal circumstances, Lex might have enjoyed teasing and annoying Ra, but currently he was in immense pain. His body literally had numerous holes in it, and although he had a high pain tolerance, and although it would not kill him, that did not mean Lex was okay with it. If anything, he had to make a conscious effort not to lose control of his emotions.

In such a situation, watching Ra casually do his own thing while his body recovered so easily just… just drove Lex insane. So, to vent his feelings, Lex stabbed him a few times. Conveniently, since the blade would cut through divine energy, it would interfere with his techniques.

After succeeding a few times without any meaningful retaliation, Lex made a mental note to employ more hit-and-run tactics in the future. This was so much easier and more interesting than fighting up front.

Of course, the only reason he could do this now was also because his objective had changed.

After repeating the process a few times, Lex heard a familiar growl. Fenrir, who could not speak even now, still managed to communicate with him through their bond. Finally he smiled. With Fenrir's assurance, he decided to keep Ra occupied.

"You know, I've been wondering. Since you were a big shot and everything, why don't you just silently try to recover? Why are you going around and picking fights with the Inn? You even went and became a Fallen deity. Isn't it just a waste?"

"WHAT DO YOU KNOW?" Ra roared in absolute frustration. Why was this stupid human so resilient to his techniques? It was ruining his plan. His body had already shrunk further, and was now even smaller than Lex.

"I don't know, so why don't you tell me," Lex said, stabbing Ra again in his puny back.

"IT'S A KARMIC LAW! DO YOU UNDERSTAND? A LAW! THE INNKEEPERS ATTACK HAS BECOME A PART OF THE ORIGIN REALMS LAW, AND WILL TARGET ME FOR ALL ETERNITY!"

Ra reached a point where he could no longer take it. Earlier or, he had been somewhat pretending to lose his anger to keep Lex occupied, but now he really was losing his anger. Ever since he fell, he lost control of his emotions more and more easily. It made it difficult to get anything done.

But right now, Ra no longer even cared. In his eyes, all that mattered right now was killing Lex! He even discarded his original plan, just to kill him!

Ra clenched his fists, summoning forth a massive amount of corrupted divine energy, nearly destabilizing his body's structure.

He was waiting… waiting for Lex to stab him, and then his body would explode. It would be a waste, but it was impossible to survive a divinity explosion and remain uninjured.

Ra did not let on he was waiting, and made it seem like he was casting a technique. Just as he expected, the sensation of sharpness finally arrived.

But the baby Ra's expression changed. He was all too familiar with this feeling. It wasn't the knife, but the teeth of an accursed wolf! Moreover, he wasn't biting his neck this time but…

Ra opened his mouth to scream, but his already destabilized body dispersed.

Lex Blinked over to Fenrir and found him biting an eagle feather. Fortunately, he had not crushed it yet.



