Chapter 1060 Not how to treat guests

﻿﻿Lex felt no fear surrounded by millions of soldiers and an unknown owl coming towards him who was in the same realm as him. Even before he reached the Nascent realm, he did not take foes at the Nascent realm too seriously.

Even though he was in his fairy body, which he was not entirely familiar with, and was nowhere near the peak of his power, he was absolutely confident. In fact, he was even confident about the fact that what he was feeling was appropriate, and it was not overconfidence.

If, after everything he had faced and overcome, he could not face such a tiny challenge, then he should feel ashamed.

One thing Lex realized was that, though most of his abilities became inert in this form, he still had his sword intent, which was one more reason to make it stronger.

An owl suddenly appeared in front of them, the aura of its realm wrapped around it like protective armor, and it glared down at Lex and Ollie.

""How dare you desecrate the back of a noble Shadow Talon? Are you ignorant of the magnitude of your trespass?"

Lex would have expected to face a massive owl. Technically speaking, compared to Lex's body, it was. But in reality, it was just the size of a normal owl.

"Relax, we have a temporary agreement. He is just giving me a tour of his estate. This is not really the appropriate way to talk to guests, you know?"

"Your justification falls short! I shall exact retribution for your transgression!"

Ollie panicked, and was about to defend Lex. The large owl also gathered its energy to strike down Lex. Before either of them could do anything, Lex flapped his wing. Or rather, he wiggled the shadow that was his wing.

The result was sufficient. Motes of shining fairy dust appeared, dazzling the infinite plane of shadow, attracting the attention of every living being that exhibited the plane. What they saw was a shadow disappear from the back of Ollie, and reappear on the back of the threatening owl.

Lex extended his hand forward, coated in his sword intent, and grabbed the back of its neck right below its skill, freezing it in place.

Lex was completely unaffected by its power. Instead, his warm and happy aura was radiating off of him, forming a complete dichotomy from the scene that unfolded everyone.

"I said, this is not how one talks to guests."

Lex's voice reverberated across the darkness, suppressing every other shadow, whether it was alive or not. Lex felt a faint suppression on his power, and realized that in a particular plane, everything had to exist in that form. His sword intent was also taking the form of a shadow.

But when he tried to use a Glyph to magnify his aura, the way he had done to enter the sealed domain, there was a resistance, and a strange feedback from the plane itself. Lex could overcome the resistance, he felt, but if he did so, both he and the owl he was grabbing would be ejected from the shadow plane, and returned to the regular plane of existence.

In truth, Lex expected to be at a disadvantage in the shadow plane. But as it turned out, it was pretty easy to align all of his spirit energy to a specific form when he was already in its associated plane. Maybe it was a fairy thing.

For a few moments there was silence, but then Ollie finally broke out of his stupor.

"Majestic guardian, the esteemed royal Lex graced my back with my consent. His essence exudes a natural air of nobility and authority, a quality discernible to me in my capacity as a Marquis. Your actions have been precipitous. Extend an apology to rectify this so that we may foster harmonious ties. The Shadow Talons are not so arrogant that we can look down on the rest of the realm."

Lex could feel the trembling shadow in his arms. It was furious, obviously. No one liked to be threatened, and that was even more so for those who thought themselves at the peak of power. But that did not mean he was going to tolerate a bad attitude. If it apologized, he would let it go. If it acted against him once more, it would get more than just a warning.

"Regardless of the circumstances, the dignity of the Shadow!" the shadow roared, and its power surged.

It tried to resist Lex, and launched some kind of attack against him. Big mistake.

Lex forcefully employed his Glyph, which immediately kicked both of them out of the shadow plane. They reappeared near where Lex had entered, and back in his proper physical form, Lex felt much better. Then the Glyph appeared but… it was not really a Glyph!

It looked like it was made of thousands of grains of fairy dust fused together, and its power was much more intense despite the lack of Domination!

The owl squealed and was pressed onto the ground. It was resisting fiercely, and Lex could feel that its power was not so negligible. In fact, he may have underestimated its power a little bit, though it was still no problem for him to face. But the greatest abnormality in the situation was just how effective his Glyph was.

If he didn't know any better, he would begin to suspect that he was perfectly replicating how a Glyph was supposed to be used by a dragon using actual Dragons Might!

No matter how noble or powerful the Shadow Talons were, they were not comparable to the might and dignity of a dragon. Even if that dragon was actually just a fairy. The situation confused Lex a bit, but he doubted anyone could explain it to him, at least right now. This might even be outside the realm of understanding of Pel.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Hundreds of shadows suddenly transformed around Lex, turning into owls. Many of them had formidable auras, with four or five of them even in the Nascent realm. But outside of the shadow realm, Lex was even more relaxed, so he just stood still.

But it wasn't the best idea to offend a massive dynasty while he was trying to keep his fairy clone hidden, so he had to think of a way to de-escalate things.

"There, I guess I'm not your guest anymore. I think we should find a way to talk things out. There's no reason to make enemies needlessly."

"You speak with wisdom. Mutual benefit awaits us through a shared understanding. Yet, to proceed, you must first consent to one of our conditions," said an owl with brown feathers that carried streaks of white in them. It looked kind of cool, Lex had to admit.

No, focus on its words, not its coolness.

"What condition? I have to remind you that I was attacked unprovoked, so if your condition is too demanding, I might not feel like obliging."

The owl sighed, as if it was not caught in a tense situation, but rather an annoying one.

"The truth is, we Shadow Talons boast a rich and illustrious lineage. Riding upon one's back without earning the honor is a grievous affront. Unless you undergo our rites of passage, many Shadow Talons, particularly the elders, will not forgive this offense, despite any pleas. However, should you complete the rites successfully, earning the approval of our entire race, you will not only gain recognition but also our friendship."

Lex rubbed his chin and thought about it.

"So you're saying if I pass through these rites, I can explore your dynasty without any issues? That sounds interesting. But you also have to understand. I was provoked even though I was being friendly. The Shadow Talons might be proud, but I am not someone who can be accosted easily either. How can you make this up to me?"

If Lex gave in too easily, it would actually reduce his prestige in the eyes of others. Instead, making them pay a heavy but not unbearable price would actually make them feel relieved that he agreed to go along with their rites.

Although it might seem simpler to just directly agree to go through the rites, if he portrayed himself as weak then who knows if problems would follow him. This was a common mistake many characters in novels, especially the MC in "Gods call me Daddy" made, which is why they got attacked continuously. They didn't create proper deterrents.

The owl underneath Lex's feet struggled a bit, as if it wanted to speak, but Lex kept him thoroughly suppressed. This guy was trouble, so it was best if he kept his mouth shut.

"We uphold our traditions, so it makes sense that you do yours. We acknowledge the breach that occurred, since you declared yourself a guest when you came. I trust we can reach a resolution."

A small round of negotiations took place, and Lex remained unperturbed even as thousands of owls appeared around him, as if there was no pressure on him to accept. As if they were not strong enough to sway him. It was easy, since it was true.



Chapter 1061 Midnight Castle Blueprint

﻿﻿Lex put up a tough front during negotiations, and at the same time inquired about the rites of passage. But in truth, he did not care too much. The rites of passage were interesting, and Lex would have gone through it just to see what the experience was like.

But mostly, his mind was on the Glyph. When he got time, he would learn more Glyphs and practice them to see what the results were like. Moreover, if his theory was correct where fairies could just replicate special techniques or abilities that were unique to various races because they had all affinities, then fairies would be over powered to a whole other level.

In fact, they might even be the most impressive race he had met yet. In that case, he was 100% sure that there was something else holding back their growth than just a curse that made them more likely to be enslaved.

It was something he needed to figure out, since he had no intention of staying weak.

Eventually, Lex ended up getting a better deal than he expected. Alongside various treasures, they agreed to take Lex to a unique place within the realm that could only be accessed through the shadow plane.

Off the top of his head, he could not recall any such place in the realm. But then again, he received a lot of information about it, and it was incredibly difficult to wield all that knowledge properly. In fact, one of the reasons why Lex could still enjoy exploring was because unless he actively tried to recall some information about a place, and it was actually in front of him, he would have a tough time recalling it.

That was also why he had to go through so much effort to find the resin.

But he was sure he would recognise the place once he went there. Even so, it was an interesting offer, and since the only thing fair Lex had on his agenda at the moment was to adventure and enjoy, he didn't mind accepting such an offer.

As such, they came to an agreement. If Lex could pass the rites he'd be forgiven and not be targeted, and would get his compensation in that case. If he did not, then the owls would not hold back any who wanted to act out against him - not that Lex felt threatened by such a thing. It would just be highly inconvenient being hunted by his own shadow.

One more reason he was looking forward to completing the rite was because the owls agreed to help enchant the Jolly Rancher in such a fashion that it could be stored within his own shadow. That would be very convenient.

So both the Lex's became busy with their own individual tasks, living completely independent lives. At some point, fairy Lex realized he'd need a new name, just to avoid any correlation or connection with his main self, even if it was minor. But the prospect of giving himself a new name seemed very serious.

Since he could not come up with a good one at the moment, he decided to postpone it until he had an epiphany.

Four days later, baby Lex, who was much more of a toddler now after the growth he'd experienced upon touching the resin, finally woke up from the flood of knowledge Haraash was passing to him.

In truth, the transfer process ended a couple of days ago, but it took him much longer to process the information as well. It was only when he recovered that he was truly amazed, and realized how valuable the information he got was.

If he could make it work, then theoretically, the place he hid could hide even from the Midnight Inn! The golden keys would be undetectable there. If he could do that, then there were certain plans of his he could implement.

His mind suddenly went to the Midnight castle and the Chamber of Rebirth. These two were rewards he got at the same time, right after he hosted Pvarti's wedding, alongside the plank protos which allowed him to alter his cultivation technique.

The fact that these rewards could be put in the same vein was enough to signify how incredible they were. He recalled their descriptions.

Chamber of Rebirth (Single use)

The ultimate healing device. So long as a living being is alive, with even a fragment of its soul intact, it will be completely reborn regardless of any injury it sustained. No curses, karma, bloodlines, cultivation, or anything else affiliated to the previous identity will be passed on, with memories being the sole exception. Whoever uses it will be completely reborn anew!Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Midnight Castle Blueprint

A blueprint that allows for the construction of the Midnight Castle. This Castle can be built within the territory of the Inn or outside, but only one can be built. The resources to build this castle are extremely rare, and the requisite skill to build the castle itself are impossibly high!

Back then, when he got both of these rewards, he imagined a way in which he could use them. The Chamber of Rebirth was incredible, and could allow him to recover from any wound. Its only limitation was that it had to be stored within Inn property.

How coincidental, then, was it that he simultaneously got the blueprint for an Inn building that could be built anywhere in the universe, even if it was outside the Inn? Moreover, it required Lex to build it with his own two hands. But the fact that the construction of such a thing required mastery of laws, not to mention ingredients that he could not get his hands on, was one of the reasons he never thought about it again.

But now things were coming together, if even just a bit. With his fairy clone, he could theoretically control laws. He also found a way to completely hide a place from detection, including by even the Inn itself. At the same time, he found himself inside a realm with all the knowledge of where he could find ingredients he would otherwise never be able to find.

So if, with his fairy clone, he found a place remote enough that he was convinced no one would connect with him and he could hide in, set up the protection, build the Midnight Castle within, and then shift the Chamber of Rebirth there, he could then possibly store a single drop of soul blood there.

If ever, for any reason, Lex faced a formidable opponent who killed him, or if ever he was discovered as someone who was actually weak and not as strong as the Innkeeper portrayed, then he could recover using this setup.

The greatest part was that even if he were attacked by a curse, or a law, or anything which could trace his destiny or karma or anything along those lines, the attack would not make its way back to that single drop of soul blood.

He had been thinking about his plan for a long time, and was one of the reasons why he didn't want any connection between his fairy clone and his main body. This way he could use his fairy clone to create his entire set up, all the while undetected and leaving behind no clues.

Since this concerned his potential survival, he wanted to take no chances at all.

Upon thinking so far, Lex checked his system interface. He had been distracted for a while, so it was completely possible that it had returned, and indeed it had!

New Notification: Ingredient Amber Chaos resin consumed! System recovery boosted by 5%! Addition of new features unsuccessful due to insufficient energy. Use of the same ingredient in the future will result in severe loss of efficiency and diminishing returns.

System functionality: 28%!

Lex could not help himself from grinning! An entire 5% increase! That was greater than anything he had experienced before.

Haraash, who was watching Lex, assumed that he was extremely pleased with the information he had attained.

"I am glad that you are satisfied with the results of this exchange. But be aware that I will not do the same in the future. To have me help you, whether it is through divination or the passing on of knowledge, is not something that can be sought for. Only through natural and unprompted occurance on both our parts can it be achieved. Also, please, in the future, do not reveal the location of where I am staying to anyone. I value my privacy, and I am here on vacation."

"Worry not, Master Haraash. My lips are sealed. No one will ever know of our exchange."

"Actually, that is true. Once you leave, Lend and I both will go deposit the knowledge of what information you purchased in the Chamber of Secrets. Even we will not know what knowledge you have gained from me."

Lex nodded gratefully. This was something he had thought of, but felt awkward asking for. It seemed like Master Haraash was a master for a reason.



Chapter 1062 Tell me more

﻿﻿Once he finished up with Master Haraash, Lex walked out to find Vera waiting for him. Originally, he was planning on giving her a drop of Mountain Milk as her payment, but it was only now that he had received the information did he realize that it was nowhere near enough. This put him in a bit of a pickle.

Vera grinned as she saw Lex struggling to decide what to pay her with. This was something she had already foreseen, and was looking forward to enjoying.

"Before I pay you, is there anything specific you need? It might be better to help you out rather than give you random rewards."

"Nope, I'm good," she said, and then flashed a bright smile.

Lex groaned, then gave her the drop of Mountain Milk.

"This is your advance payment. Give me some time, I'll need to figure out what else I can use to pay you."

Vera happily grabbed the vial that contained the drop and said, "No worries. It'll take me a few days to absorb this anyway."

That reminded Lex that even he had not gotten around to absorbing a drop of this yet. Now might be a nice time. But he had a few things he wanted to think about first.

He used an illusion to change his appearance and teleported over to the make-shift restaurant being run by Kenta. He wanted to see how good the food was while he considered some things, so he ordered some food and grabbed a table.

He read his latest notifications once more. The resin could still be used, but it would not provide nearly as much of a boost as the first time. The fact that it would give diminishing returns was also somewhat of a concern.

That meant that he had to possibly look for other items that the system might be able to absorb. It was not so easy to come up with those since the resin itself turned out to be a Dao level ingredient. How many of those could there be in a new realm?

He had no idea. But while he thought of alternatives, he needed to find the next piece of resin anyway. The reduced effectiveness might still be worth it.

He then thought about setting up the Midnight Castle. The problem with that was that even its simplest and cheapest item used in its blueprint was extremely rare and precious, so much so that the Infinity Emporium did not even have them, and only put him on a contact list, meaning they would notify him if they got their hands on what he needed.

Many such ingredients might be available in the Midnight realm, so it might not be a bad idea for his fairy clone to set out on an adventure looking for such treasures. Whenever, eventually, it would be time for him to open the realm back up, it could leave and continue the hunt for treasures, as well as a hidden place where he could build the Midnight Castle.

It would preferably in a place, or even a realm where he had never been at all!

As much as he enjoyed just going on a random adventure, adventuring with a direction sounded much better. Moreover, if he managed to improve his relations with the Shadow Talons, who was to say that he couldn't use their help to find his treasures. Though he wondered who it was that they were fighting with. The mass information dump he got on the realm didn't mention them. But then again, it spent more time describing the area rather than the creatures, so it wasn't a complete surprise.

"Oh lawd, you're about to enjoy yourself so much!" a drama-cat suddenly said, as it put down a couple of plates in front of him. "Heaven must have broken off pieces of itself and sent it down to the land, or else there could never be such heavenly food! Behold, this sustenance is beyond compare! Prepare thy senses for a symphony of flavors that shall enrapture thy very soul!"

With a gravely reluctant expression, the drama-cat walked away from Lex, its eyes focused only on his food. It turned away with great difficulty, and after a few more steps, turned to look back, as if giving one last look to a lover, lost to the cruel machinations of fate.

Then, unable to hold back its tears, the cat quickly scurried away, lest he be seen.

Lex, of course, already knew that Kenta had hired the cats in his restaurant, and they were a hit. He paid them in food, so in a way he got himself a group he could consistently test his flavors with. They also attracted customers, and that was a very important plus point, since sometimes his food… was not the best, if put mildly.

Lex looked at his food, and saw what could only be a fantasy version of spaghetti and meatballs. It smelled great, though it could not elicit the same anticipation as the Krab meat patty. To this day, Lex felt conflicted about his decision to let him be instead of recruiting him. Best not to think about it. He seemed content with his life.

Lex took a bite, and though he did not get the explosion of flavors the burger delivered, he was surprised to see that it was actually good. The noodles were extremely fresh, and soaked in flavor, not to mention the smooth, slippery texture they had was very satisfying. The sauce and the meatballs only served to enhance that, complimenting it while still having a strong, independent presence on the plate.

It seemed like the lad had learned. He was not heir to a massive organization without reason. Still, good food was not the level Lex had hoped Kenta reached. He needed to ascend to a higher realm, so that the food could absolutely knock the sock off his customers. Based on the valuable ingredients he was using, such a thing was the only acceptable level.

Lex removed his disguise and waved a hand, surprising Kenta. But he did not come over, nor had Lex called him. Right now, he had customers to see.

Feeling somewhat good about things, Lex left after the meal. He retreated to his cultivation room to spend some time cultivating. Domination was too useful for him to ignore, so he planned on continuing to strengthen it.

Once he was done, he took a few drops of blood and set it aside. He would give those to Vera, not that they would be enough. The problem with deciding on his own how valuable her help was, he didn't know if he had paid enough or not. It created a loop of doubt where he might just keep paying her.

He also took some time to meet all the other workers, from Velma, to Luthor and Gerard. Running the Inn now that the Innkeeper was not going to be around was a massive responsibility, and so he wanted to make sure there were no issues.

"There is a group gathering outside the boundary wall towards the south," Gerard told Lex. It's not a matter for concern, they haven't done anything to show that they might be hostile, but the group is growing. In fact, signs seem to indicate that they're setting up to create a small town right outside the Inn. I don't know what their intentions are, but I brought it up to Luthor. He is worried they might be targeting any future guests coming from that direction. We'll need to keep an eye on them."

"Do you want me to go check it out?" Lex asked.

"No, not yet. Unless they do something that provokes the Inn, we've decided to just let them be. After all, they're not on Inn territory. They're free to do as they please. If they make contact, we'll be sure to cater to their needs."

"Seems like you have things handled," Lex said, and was about to head out when he noticed a look of hesitation on Gerards face.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"Is there something else you need help with?" he asked, concerned. Gerard was one of his most reliable workers. Anything that gave him pause was not something he could overlook!

"It's… there's a small matter, but it's not related to the Inn. It's a private matter. I don't know if I should waste your…"

"Nonsense!" Lex said, and suddenly summoned a couple of drinks, passing one to Gerard. "I know we don't spend much time with each other besides work, but we're basically family at this point. Go ahead, tell me what's bothering you."

"Well, you probably know, back in my early days, I was a chauffeur for the golf carts. Although I don't do that anymore, on my off days, I like to take the old wheels for a spin."

"Naturally. It's a nice hobby."

"Well, yesterday, I met someone on the racetrack near the village who was quite the driver. It was a close call, I barely beat her. But afterwards, she invited me out on a date. Usually, I politely reject such offers. But I don't know why, yesterday I just felt a strange feeling in my chest. I didn't want to reject her."

As if summoned by some holy magic, Velma suddenly appeared besides them.

"Tell me more."



Chapter 1063 Intentions

﻿1063  Intentions

Lex was, for once, genuinely surprised by something that happened inside the Inn. He had not sensed Velma's arrival at all. He was even more surprised when he realized that… he had sensed a spatial ripple.

"Did you just use teleportation? Since when can you teleport?" he asked, unable to hold himself back.

"Why, yes, I did. Many of the Inn workers have a mild space affinity, so Z has been holding lessons on and off. I listened to a few here and there, though I wasn't too interested. Until about a few seconds ago. My gut was telling me something important was going on, and I reacted. Next thing I knew, I stumbled upon Gerard here rekindling his youthful spirit."

The mature looking worker didn't blush, but he did scratch his head out of embarrassment.

"You have sharp instincts," Lex said, admiringly. "But do not make Gerard conscious. He's a hard working man, and he deserves to enjoy the attention of a lady if he so chooses."

"Of course," said Velma, as she pulled up a chair and grabbed a drink herself as well "Of course he does. I'm all for it. In fact, as far as I'm concerned, he's already waited too long. But that's besides the point. Gerard, go on. Pretend like I'm not here."

The fellow did just that, and after clearing his throat just a bit, he turned back towards Lex.

"Like I was saying, I was enjoying the tracks on my off day. It's been a while since a good race, so I was enjoying just doing laps when she suddenly pulled up and challenged me to a race. Naturally, I was up for it. It was a good, thrilling race. Honestly, it "Like I was saying, I was enjoying the tracks on my off day. It's could have been anybody's win. Afterwards, I went over to commend the other racer for a good match, and that's how I met Lilith."

"That seems great. You two share a hobby, and clearly you're interested in her. I don't see what you're struggling with," Lex commented.

"That's exactly where the issue came in. You see, I don't know… how to go on a date."

A silence filled the room as Lex waited for Gerard to elaborate on the situation, but the old worker just looked back at him. He turned to look at Velma, who was also blank faced.

"If you don't mind me asking, why did you think of me and not Velma for this? I mean, she clearly has interest in this field."

"Oh yes, Velma has done a lot of research on this. But the thing about most of us Inn workers is that before working at the Inn, we did not exist. We had no prior experiences. But workers like you… you have your own experiences outside the Inn. You've done other things. You're also very competent. I imagine someone like you has been on countless dates with numerous women."

Lex nearly coughed out blood. It had been a while since someone did so much damage to him so easily.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"Yes, of course. I have been on dates before," Lex said as he blocked out all memories of his only former girlfriend. She was not a bad person, and they did not end their relationship on bad terms. But when he recalled all the cringe things that he said and did while pursuing her… Lex suddenly felt like visiting the chamber of secrets and purging all the shameful memories.

"So what you need is date ideas? I think I can help with that."

"That's perfect. We're supposed to meet in a few hours. You should dress casually - at least, that's what the instruction manual I found said. If you think otherwise, you can let me know."

"Wait, why do I need to get dressed? I thought you wanted date ideas."

"Indeed, I do. That's why when Lilith asked me out, I suggested I'd bring a friend, and so she said she'd bring a friend as well. We're all supposed to meet together."

Lex's jaw dropped. Did Gerard just set up a double date? Was he getting set up? On a blind date no less!

"Gerard, why would you bring someone else on your date?"

"So that you can show us how it's done. Lilith also confessed that she's never been on a date either, since she never had the time before. Her friend, apparently, does not have as much dating experience as someone like you, but she might be able to help."

Velma's eyes were gleaming. Clearly she understood the situation better than Gerard, but she said nothing to hint that the old worker had blundered. Instead, she gave Lex a knowing grin.

Lex sighed. This was not how he imagined his first date in forever starting out. Where was the love at first sight? The saving the damsel from a suppressive family? The dragon that held her in a tower?

"Well then, Gerard, the first thing you need to know is that even in casual attire, you cannot be sloppy. Let's walk over to Geevs while we talk. We probably don't have a lot of time, and there are many things I want to cover. First of all, what are your intentions with Lilith, young man?"

"My intentions?" he repeated, confused.

"Indeed, your intentions. You can't just drive up to a girl in your fancy golf cart and expect her to drop everything and join you in long circuit races. You have to take things at a reasonable pace. Maybe some back street racing, or a short ride over the lawn to start things out. See how you both feel on different kinds of terrain. After all, it would be a shame if there's a great connection on the tarmac, but that flame fizzles out if you get on some dirt roads."

"I see, I see. You're talking about assessing compatibility."

"Yes. Are you looking for a long term racing partner, or just someone to casually burn rubber with on the weekends. Your intentions. Let me tell you now, it's not very polite to lead a lady on, thinking you're going to go on a thousand lap race, but then disappear after a couple of quick drag races."



Chapter 1064 Planning a date

﻿﻿"I will be honest, Lex, I hadn't thought about this," Gerard said as he brushed his goatee with his hands. "Dating is a topic I never really gave much thought to at all. But at that moment, when she asked me out, I felt like it was a good idea, and agreed. As for the future… well, besides how to improve the Inn, I've never really thought about much else."

"There's nothing wrong with that," Lex said with a tone of confidence, as if he had thoroughly mastered the art of relationships. "It's perfectly fine to not have all the answers at the moment. Right now, you are in the beginning stages, so all you really need to see is if you enjoy each other's company. Don't put too much pressure on yourself, and act naturally. But if things go well, and you guys decide to continue dating, then you definitely should mention it.

"This is important so that you two can identify if you both have the same thing in mind. Having different expectations is not a problem, but hiding your expectations from one another is not a good foundation to build a relationship on."

"What about you? What do you want?" Gerard asked, looking at Lex. He froze. What did he want?

"My situation is a little different. You caught me unaware. Usually, when you invite someone on a double date, they already know about it, and are open to it. For now, all I want is to accompany you and make sure everything goes well. As for the long term… I'm not sure. I have too much work to do. The Innkeeper has given me many tasks. I don't think I'll have time for a long, committed relationship.

"After all, I never know where I'm going to be from one day to the next. My cultivation realm is also rapidly rising as a result of all my work. It would be awkward if I start dating someone in the Nascent realm, and in ten years become an immortal. Then, in another hundred years I become a heavenly immortal, all the while she is still stuck as a Nascent realm cultivator. I don't know if that will affect the dynamic between us much, but it might get awkward."

"You've thought a lot about this, it seems," Gerard commented. "Does a large gap in realms usually hamper relationships?"

"Well, I've not dated since I started to cultivate, so I'm not sure. But I imagine it creates a divide. You've felt yourself the difference between realms of power. You must have perceived the world differently when you were weaker compared to when you were stronger. So similarly, I imagine, if the cultivation gap is too large, then it becomes hard to understand one another. Of course, I bet people overcome such things all the time as well. If it's true love, then I'm sure both people will overlook any differences.

"But I think, for now, we're getting ahead of ourselves. For now, what we should focus on is only today's date. Tell me, do you have anything in mind?"

"Uh, no that's exactly why I called you along."

"Alright, well, ideally, a good date should have some activity or experience that you both can enjoy, as well as some time to enjoy and talk to one another, and connect. Can you think of anything you might want to do, or shall I give suggestions?"

The two bounced a few ideas off each other, right up until they reached the Midnight Tailor, discovering Velma already waiting for them there with a smile.

"I thought I'd let you two talk a bit while I have things prepared."

"What do you mean?" Lex asked.

"I mean, right before a big event is no time to begin experimenting. I've already told what outfits to prepare, he's getting the materials ready. You just need to give your updated measurements for a good fit."

Lex suddenly shuddered as he remembered his weight the last time he gave his measurements. He was convinced that he would weigh even more now. Best not to think about it.

When they walked in, to their surprise, it wasn't just Geeves waiting for them. Z, Luthor, Anita, Harry and Sandra were sitting around chatting with one another, but froze when the two entered.

"Why is everyone here?" Lex asked, suddenly staring at Velma.

"I thought everyone could give suggestions," she said innocently. "Date ideas, you know."

"Not bad," Gerard said with a nod. "With more minds, we can think of better ideas. Lex was just suggesting we take the Silent Wanderer to a spot a little distance from here where there is a wonderful natural dirt track we can use for a small race. Afterwards, we were considering having a picnic by an enchanted lake."T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"That sounds too tame," Luthor said seriously. "You should go hunting so you can display your martial prowess."

"Whatever you do, don't forget to style your hair first. Your attire won't count for much if your own hair is all over the place," said Harry.

"I agree with Luthor. Back when Gawain was courting me, we used to go on conquests all the time, and conquered many enemy nations. It really strengthened the bonds between us," said Anita, as she lovingly rubbed her slightly protruding belly. The lich's charm was recently growing, taking on a motherly glow.

"I think one of you should play music for them, or maybe both," Z said, shyly. From time to time, he would glance at Sandra, and everyone in the room besides the girl herself noticed his interest in her.

"Forget all of them. You need to go to the beach. Since you're getting to know one another, it's very important you go to the beach to really get to know one another better."

She was pretending to know exactly what she was insinuating, but Lex's spirit sense could see the chit full of random pieces of advice she had hidden behind her back. It seemed like she had copied them from a magazine.



Chapter 1065 You've kept me waiting

﻿﻿"So we're in agreement?" Luthor asked, looking at the group. "There needs to be an element of danger and excitement. But we're going to avoid any conquests or hunting, and somehow tie in racing. In that case, I think the location of the newly discovered Worpal colony should serve perfectly."

"Yes! That's perfect! Why didn't I think of that?" exclaimed Z. "But we'll need modified golf carts for that. There's no way regular golf carts can drive over that rocky terrain."

"There are also icy caverns nearby. That can be a perfect spot for a nice meal afterwards," Velma added. "Better yet if they have a meal waiting for them when they reach. I'll take care of that."

She teleported away, making use of the ability she had only just recently learned.

"I'll go get the carts from Xeon," Z said, and dashed away.

"I'll make sure to add a small surprise to the track. Keep the excitement up," said Luthor and walked away.

"I'll make sure there are no sentient trees or rocks nearby to spy on our date," Sandra said, before running away herself as well.

"I'll get you the new communication devices that the Midnight portal has been giving out. This way you can message each other after the dates are over," commented Anita. But instead of going anywhere herself, she just commanded one of her undead servants to do the task.

Over the past half hour the entire group had reworked the date Lex had meticulously designed, and it was with great reluctance that he admitted their plan might actually be better. But only because it drew inspiration from his own plan idea!

Regardless, they had more or less finalized their plan. Geeves, who was also there the entire time, didn't contribute much to the conversation mainly because he was busy taking measurements, and when he wasn't doing that, he was grumbling about his suits that had come to life and walked away. He still believed the suits owed him payment for being made in the first place, but there was nothing he could do about it for now since none of them had any money yet.

Lex and Gerard stuck around while Geeves worked, since Velma had really done well with the selection.

Gerard was outfitted with formal pants, a white shirt and a suit vest, with the pants and vest being navy blue. While such an outfit still looked incredibly formal, accompanied by a stylish hat, it was the most informal Gerard had ever dressed in his entire life. He literally had dressed more formally than this when he was going to war.

Lex, on the other hand, got beige cotton pants, a T-shirt with a picture of Little Blue on it, and a smart summer blazer. She also encouraged him to stop using the illusion that made him look tall, as it was not the politest thing to do when going on a date.

The reminder of his current stature caused Lex to groan. As far as he could tell, his body was undergoing normal aging as if he was a baby, so he would have to wait years before he regained his height. That was also only considering if his aging process was not slowed down because of his cultivation, or else he might need to wait for decades.

Once they were dressed, they accompanied Harry to his barbershop, where he pulled out all the stops to make them look good.

Harry's skills had improved tremendously since Lex first got a haircut from him so many years ago, and after spending just twenty minutes styling their hair and augmenting their auras and souls, they were ready for their dates.

Even though Lex knew that this technically wasn't a real date for him, he couldn't help but feel slightly nervous. Fortunately, he had a lot of experience hiding his emotions perfectly.

"So, where are we supposed to meet them?" Lex asked, as he looked at himself in the mirror. He had to admit, he was looking very nice. Maybe he should stop by the barber shop more often.

"By the Fishing well. I heard it was customary to give dates flowers, chocolates or other gifts. Considering how random those items were, I thought it would be more interesting if we fished out random items and gave them to each other."

That… was surprisingly brilliant, in its own way. Lex looked at Gerard, studying him deeply. Was this really his first date ever? Maybe the original person he had been cloned from was some kind of casanova.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

They hopped in a golf cart, and Gerard drove them all the way to the well. This was the first time Lex spent some time having a casual conversation with the man, and discovered that he was really missing out.

Talking to Gerard was like talking to an educated scholar, and because his bloodline allowed him unique ways to control energy through items, his perspective about energy was also quite different.

As much as he enjoyed relaxing back in the sealed domain, maybe next time he wanted to relax, he should do it with his workers at the Inn. There was no need to always spend time alone.

"Looks like they're waiting for us," Gerard said, as he drifted his golf cart across the lawn, coming to a stop in the perfect parking location.

Lex followed Gerards gaze, and spotted another golf cart occupied by… two devils!

Upon spotting Gerard, one of them lit up, and quickly stepped out, revealing her high heel, long leather boots. The hem of her high waisted pants were tucked into her boots, and its black fabric looked extremely flattering as it tightly hugged her legs. She was wearing a white T-shirt, the base of which ended just as it met her pants, and she was wearing a leather jacket atop it, though she left the zip open.

Her bright red hair was tied into a ponytail, and matched perfectly with deep red lipstick.

"Gerard," she said softly, as if tasting the name on her tongue. "You've kept me waiting."



Chapter 1066 Oozing charisma

﻿﻿Gerard, who moments ago had been struggling with the fact that he was not wearing a tie of a blazer, forgot his troubles at the sight of Lilith.

"My apologies for making you wait," he said, as he gave a light bow to show his sincerity. "I'll make it up to you in our next race by waiting at the finish line."

Lex's eyebrows shot up! So aggressive! Clearly this man had no shyness issue at all, so what did he need a wingman for? Shaking his head, Lex got off the cart as well and looked over to the other lady who was supposed to be his date.

Unlike Lilith, who was dressed in black and had red hair, his date was wearing a long, red dress and had pitch black hair that had been tied up in a bun. Her fair skin was free of any blemishes, and she looked quite enchanting in her dress. More importantly, he could tell by the way she stood that she was strong…𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

No, Lex! Don't assess the battle capabilities of your date!

It was something he had to remind himself. He would have tried to scan her, but his system was once again offline since he had absorbed the newfound system just a short while ago to continue the repairing process - not that he needed it. He could have recalled any information he wished to if only he focused on it. But he chose not to do that.

He stepped up beside Gerard, who had taken Liliths hand and kissed it. My goodness, the man was oozing charisma.

"Ah, Lilith, allow me to introduce you. This is my friend, Lex. Do not let appearances fool you, he only became like this after being crushed by the void while rescuing me and a few others. He should return to his normal self soon enough."

"Lex, it's a pleasure to meet you," Lilith said with an admiring smile. "This is my childhood friend, Cindy."

"The pleasure is mine," Lex said, as he placed a hand on his heart and nodded. Considering that devils were the largest number of his repeated guests, he had learned quite a lot about them, including some of their customs and etiquettes. The greeting he had extended was a formal one, usually done by someone powerful or in a position of authority. Doing so was not showing off, because then he would also be judged according to the position he had taken, and if he did not measure up then it instead put him in a position of dishonor.

"Shall we go to the well? I have been looking forward to your welcoming gift. I think putting it in the hands of fate was a bold move," Lilith said, as she extended her elbow.

Without any hesitation, as if he had done so countless times, Gerard put his arm in the opening she created, locking elbow with her.

"Tell me about these welcoming gifts. I am not familiar with them."

It was only an immense amount of self control that stopped Lex from dropping his jaw as he saw the couple walk forward with arms locked. What about them looked like this was their first date?

Fortunately, Cindy was similarly stunned, and apparently had not been able to hold herself back the way Lex did. But she quickly caught herself, and looked towards Lex apologetically. Before she could say anything, Lex extended his spirit sense to her.

"Clearly you're just as interested in the two of them as I am. Want to take the pressure off, and just observe them?"

She was taken aback by how forward Lex was, but then nodded.

"Lilith has turned down many excellent devils before, of extremely noble stock. I really want to see what makes this Gerard so special - that's why I came," she admitted frankly.

"I'm also curious about who can catch the interest of Gerard. Let's keep up."

Cindy and Lex quickly caught up with the two lovebirds, who hadn't noticed that they had fallen back at all.

"A welcoming gift is the opening move in a courtship. It is supposed to be a symbolic representation of the relationship two will share if it comes to blood. Normally, great care is taken to address each aspect of it, as its insinuation can be extremely nuanced. But to leave such a thing in the hands of fate, it is incredibly bold. I am looking forward to seeing what you fish out."

"How exciting. Unfortunately, the Fishing well is technically not working in its full capacity since everything in the Inn is still getting used to the new realm. But, in preparation for this, I had someone commission a replica of the well. We'll have to see how it works out."

Indeed, all the Inn's services besides the rooms were not really working, so Gerard had requested John and Xeon to help him in this endeavor. They had created a well for him to use, though how well it worked was still to be seen.

The fact that the services weren't working was also one of the reasons Lex hadn't been in a rush to ask Master Haraash to go to the chamber of secrets.

Gerard stepped forward, reluctantly pulling his hand from Liliths, and grabbed the fishing rod that was placed beside it. He activated the well, and then, without an ounce of nervousness or hesitation, threw in the hook.

"I have a small confession Lilith," Gerard said as he continued to roll open the reel, letting the hook sink lower into the well. "This well might not be as random as I originally let on. After all, how can someone recreate the work of the Innkeeper?"

"Oh? So then you did plan what you'll be giving me?"

"Well, I selected a few options. Which one comes out is still up to chance," he said, then suddenly yanked the line, pulling out the entire reel in one smooth motion. At the end of it, in the hook, were car keys.



Chapter 1067 Tuk-tuk

﻿﻿Lex watched with a troubled look as Gerard dramatically fished out the car keys. He wondered if it was such a good idea to let him do this. If the old fellow ever learned about the viscous power he wielded so easily, he may soon become the playboy of the Midnight Inn.

It was always obvious to him that Gerard liked racing. From the looks of it, the same was true for Lilith. If Gerard had, with great foresight, arranged for the gift to be some kind of bike, like maybe a heavy bike or a chopper or something along those lines then his instincts for this kind of stuff was absolutely lethal.

Lex did not mean to stereotype, but Lilith looked like the kind of girl who enjoyed riding bikes, so he didn't imagine there would be any issue there. He could already visualize the old man riding across the Inn, with Lilith hugging him from the back, holding him tightly as he drifted across all kinds of terrain.

A part of Lex wanted to start taking lessons from Gerard. If he had been half as suave as Gerard, he'd already be married by now - not that Lex wanted to get married or anything.

He could see the excitement in Lilith's eyes as she saw the keys. Really well played. At this point, he wouldn't be surprised if Gerard even had the bike customized - not that it was confirmed if it was a bike yet.

"Oh my, keys. How promising. What are they for?" Lilith asked, as she ran up to Gerard.

"I got us a bike," Gerard said as he handed her the keys. "One of our guests was talking to me about it. Apparently, back on earth, this was one of the fastest and most dangerous bikes on the road. I had Xeon make it for me. The poor fellow is constantly swamped with work, but still, he never says no."

"Where is it? Do we have to go to it?"

"Oh, no, all we need to do is…"

Gerard pressed a button on the key, and it began to transform. Lex was impressed for all of one second, before he became stunned. For all his experience as the Innkeeper, and all the surprises he had been through in life, he was absolutely not ready for what Gerard's key turned into.

In front of him, in all its three-wheeled glory, was a Tuk-tuk! Formally known as an autorickshaw, these death-vehicles were rampant on the streets of Thailand, and from what he understood, India as well. When he was young, he had the chance to sit in one, and he had to say they glided through the streets better than a jet could fly in the air.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

They had skills that would put the pilots from the best movies to shame, and a fearlessness that would thwart any racing movie franchise with thirteen movies, and a plot no one can follow.

The light frame of the dreaded Tuk-tuk made it easy to maneuver, and all it needed was a total disregard for one's life since the only protection one could avail in one is an absolute faith in a higher being with a plan that did not involve them dying.

Did he see boosters on that thing? Did it even need boosters?

"Oh I can't wait to ride in it, but first, I need to fish as well. Did you prepare more options or do we need to add things to the well?"

"I prepared a few things, but if you wish to add something, you can just toss it in the well. It will automatically add it to the pile, and it will increase the randomness of the selection."

"In that case, let me just…"

Lilith walked over to the well and dropped a few things into the well before grabbing the fishing pole and taking her turn. She ended up fishing out a thin, black notebook that reminded Lex of a very famous anime he'd seen that would allow killing someone just by writing their name in it.

"It's a personal journal," Lilith explained, quenching Lex's worry. Just because she was a devil didn't mean she was evil, he told himself.

"Once you bond with it, it will automatically make an entry every time you have an experience you find worth remembering. In a few centuries, who knows how many small moments you'll forget, but with this, you can then look back in the book and enjoy."

Lex paused. That… actually sounded very nice. He made a mental note to get one for himself. He doubted he'd ever forget what it was like to swim through lava, but he might forget the feeling he got when he experienced something new for the first time. He didn't want all his good memories to be overshadowed by his traumas. This was something he really needed to get for himself.

"It's amazing, I love it!" Gerard exclaimed as he took the notebook and bound it to himself immediately.

Before he could even do anything, writing began to enter right in front of him, marking down the time Lilith gave him a wonderful gift. Since the book was open, everyone read it at the same time, and the memory was written in such cute words, it immediately created an adorable environment.

Lex pulled Cindy aside to the well, giving the couple a moment of privacy.

"Allow me to fish something out for you as well," Lex said as he walked towards the well.

"I thought we were just going to observe the two," Cindy said, though she made no move to stop Lex.

"We are, but that doesn't mean we can't enjoy ourselves in the meantime. Besides, if I see anymore than I'm seeing right now, I might need to put up a parental advisory," Lex said as he looked towards Gerard and Lilith. They were still reading something in the journal, and whispering amongst themselves.

He turned his sight back towards the well, then dropped a few items in as well. He grabbed the fishing rod. It was time to see how his luck was.



Chapter 1068 Right now

﻿﻿"Wait, let me add a few things too!" Cindy exclaimed, before throwing in some things. Despite her nonchalance, she truly seemed excited about this. Lex briefly wondered about devil dating culture.

Even though he had read up about them, this was a topic he didn't particularly know much about. They were surprisingly relaxed about seeing a human, even though humans were considered to have lower potential than devils, because of the Cosmic Ascendance Spectrum.

But maybe Lilith and CIndy in particular didn't care about it - not that he was on a real date with Cindy. They had agreed, they were just watching the other two.

After Cindy moved away, Lex threw in the hook and let the line loosen. He wasn't sure if he was supposed to do anything else, so he waited for a few moments. It seemed that he didn't have to do anything else, because after a moment the line tightened, and he quickly fished out whatever he had hooked.

Lex had to admit, there was a tinge of excitement and anticipation that filled him as he wondered what he caught. Wait, was that the appeal of fishing? Was he on the path to becoming a fisherman?

Before he could find an answer, he managed to pull out the item. Hanging there tantalizingly was a pint of chocolate fudge brownie ice cream.

"Not bad at all," said Lex as he gave the pint to Cindy. It had been a while since he had ice cream.

"Isn't this break up food? I've seen the TV shows..." Cindy said as she grabbed the pint, unsure of what to feel. It seemed that fate was sending clear hints. But that was fine - they weren't on a date anyway! They were just having fun and passing the time. That was it!

Cindy grabbed the fishing rod from Lex and repeated the process a little forcefully. It seemed that maybe she wasn't too satisfied with the gift she got.

A few moments later, she caught something, and pulled out a nondescript rectangle wooden box. At a glance, neither of them could tell what it was, so Cindy grabbed it to take a closer look.

"Oh hey, it opens up," she said, as she lifted the top. Revealed within was the figure of a petite ballerina that began dancing once the lid was opened, with gentle music playing in the background.

"It looks like a children's toy," she said, but Lex did not comment because he was suddenly reminded of Giselle. She was the only cultivator ballerina he knew, and her skill in both dance and combat were remarkable. He could not help but wonder what she was doing right at that time.

"Lex?" Cindy probed when she noticed his silence.

"Sorry, I got distracted. This is called a musical box. You could call it a childs toy I suppose."

"Well, don't take this as a comment on your size when I give it to you," she said, suppressing a chuckle. Lex snorted. This was definitely not a date.

*****

Blood. There was blood everywhere, and at this point, Giselle didn't know if it was hers of her enemies. She had suffered wounds, she knew that much, she didn't have the time to stop and consider how serious they were. Being surrounded by hundreds of Magoran flies did not give her the time.

It didn't help that every time she killed one, it would explode, sendings its blood and guts everywhere. No matter how nimble she was, it was hard to dodge an explosion.

But, finally, after hours and hours, she did it. For a while, but when she saw that there were no more enemies anywhere, she fell to her knees. Finally, she had done it.

"Congratulations, you have passed the test. When the Champions tourney begins, someone will come and get you," said a deep voice, even though there was no one around her.

Giselle grit her teeth and stabbed her sword in the ground, pushing herself to stand. Her wounds began to heal at a visible rate. She had only just procured the attendance qualifications. Now she had to make sure she was strong enough to pass.

*****

Six hiltless swords hovered around Alexander, drawing in spiritual energy, and converting into something else, before depositing it in his body. Now that he had finally reached the Nascent realm, he could finally begin to show the real effects of his cultivation technique.

His grandparents, before disappearing on their thirty-ninth honeymoon, had sent him a ticket that said Champions tourney. He wasn't sure what it was, but he knew they wouldn't have sent it if it wasn't important.

*****

Rafael Carter Bravi, son of King Marlo, opened his eyes with a stunned daze. It took him a few hours to regain awareness, and when he did, the first thing he did was check the date.Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

"I went back in time again," he muttered. "No, wait. I probably… I probably saw the future again. Damn, I don't know how accurate this is, but I need to enter the Champions tourney!"

*****

Larry opened his eyes and found himself in a spaceship scrapyard. Countless metal rods were cutting through his body, though that was just his way of cultivating. It pained him to leave the Midnight Inn behind, but he had to take the chance.

A bunch of oracles were visiting the Midnight Inn, and one of them predicted that his family was still actually alive, and the only way he could get them back was if he gained the attention of some important people in the Champions tourney. He had no idea what that was, but he couldn't afford getting locked in the Inn, so he left.

Larry clenched his fists and recalled Jeffery, the twisted freak who had his family kidnapped for no reason than to see him suffer. He'd spent a long time thinking about revenge. He would get it, one way or another.

*****

In an unmapped part of the Origin realm, the being that had taken to calling itself Jeffery formed a new body that looked a lot like an angel. In his hand was a ticket, covered in blood. At his feet was a shriveled up body that could no longer be identified.



Chapter 1069 All's fair in love and war

﻿﻿Typically, Lex had a lot of confidence in himself. He had proven his competence at every turn, and achieved much in his short life. But he knew when to admit that he'd met someone better than him, and that is exactly what happened.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Lilith had melted like butter in his hands, and she was practically inseparable from him. He didn't want to pry into their private matters so he didn't check her age, but he was certain she wasn't exactly a teenager, so it was quite admirable how easily she had swooned.

Of course, Lex also used his own sixth sense to judge if she was doing this just to get close to him. The devils did not have a stellar reputation to begin with, and it wouldn't even be the first time they targeted the Inn.

But whether they were his instincts, which he could guide to target something much more easily now, his sixth sense, or his general ability to read his target, they all agreed that Lilith was being quite genuine in her appreciation of Gerard. Though, his instincts did give him a soft warning that she came with her own baggage. A devil with a past hiding out at the Inn wasn't exactly news of the century, so he moved on.

Fortunately, Cindy had completely lost interest in Lex after getting the pint of ice cream as her welcoming gift, though she did share the ice cream with him so that was nice. But the lack of concern over the date put Lex in the unique opportunity to gather information about Lilith, if he so wished. After all, even if she didn't have ulterior motives didn't mean she wouldn't be trouble.

But after thinking about it for a while, Lex ultimately decided not to pry. If Gerard asked for his help, he'd look into her. But since he only asked for help in ensuring the date went well, that is what he focused on.

The four of them squeezed into the Tuk-tuk while Lilith followed Gerards instructions and led them to Cirk, who was waiting with the Silent Wanderer to take them to their next spot. Lex had to admit, without the fear of imminent death, it was quite an enjoyable ride.

Cirk then flew them to the site for the next segment of their date, which was a hilly region occupied by a race of evolved worms called Worpal. They were not sentient, but they were incredibly strong as well as dangerous. They had to be, considering that the mountains and hills in the Midnight realm were made mostly of giant spirit stones. Any worm that could bore through that was far from simple.

What made this site perfect for the continuation of their date was that they terraformed the spirit stone, turning it first into fine grains, which eventually clumped together to form some kind of soil.

But the region was still being formed, and the soil made of spirit stone dust still contained a tremendous amount of energy, which meant that the slightest touch might actually cause the ground beneath you to explode!

Of course, that was not an issue for Lex or any of the others, but for ordinary people this was quite a dangerous location. For them though, it was just an interesting racecourse with unpredictable traps. That just added to the excitement of the racing.

For this, the group of workers had golf carts that had been slightly modified with a temporary boost button. If any of them sensed that the ground underneath their carts was going to explode and they hit the button in time, it would dash forward and move out of the explosion range.

The track had been clearly marked, so there was no danger of anyone getting lost or ending up elsewhere, and it ended at the mouth of a cave that everyone was just temporarily called the icy caverns.

In truth, it was a cavern filled with a type of extremely clear spirit stone that looked like ice, and along with some local plant life, it made for quite a romantic spot. In fact, they had been planning on extending official Inn residences nearby once the Innkeeper returned.

They had prepared many such proposals while they explored the new lands, and tried to become familiar with it.

Once the Silent Wanderer landed, Lex jumped out, and was surprised when he sensed a pulse of energy traveling through the ground, responding to his footsteps. Each time he took a step, another pulse traveled through the ground, and he could tell that if he were a little forceful, that pulse might change into something a little more deadly.

He could imagine how a single explosion here might set off a chain of explosions that would cause the entire region to explode. Were they racing or setting off a nuclear explosion? And why was he so excited by the idea?

It suddenly occurred to him that if he were back on earth, he could probably weather a nuclear explosion with his body, unaffected. Well, maybe he'd be slightly harmed, and burn a few hairs here and there, but he'd come out fine. After all, he was tempering himself to survive the ultimate volcanic eruption.

"Are you sure the mountain won't blow up underneath us?" Lex had to ask. Although he knew about the realm, that was only to a certain extent, and even then he found it difficult to access all the information. He was not kept up to date with the new changes taking place in the realm, such as this particular race course.

"We've already caused a few explosions while testing the spot out. There is a natural mechanism in place to prevent the explosion from affecting the rest of the soil, so there's no concern. They will, at most, harm the golf carts a little," answered Gerard.

"Since there is a race, there also has to be a prize," said Cindy who also jumped out of the ship.

Gerard hesitated, since he hadn't prepared anything, but since Lex was there to back him up, how could he let him look bad? He quickly accessed his knowledge of everything inside the Midnight Inn, and searched for natural treasures nearby.

Like the Mountain Milk, there were countless other resources born here that could directly benefit cultivators even at the immortal levels. Even though he had not spied on them, Lex had spent enough time around other cultivators to be able to judge their levels. Cindy and Lilith both were immortals.

Since when were immortals so common? There was no point pondering over such a question, because it was in Lex's fate to continuously run into cultivators stronger than him.

"About 500 miles from here there is a valley where a piece of a rainbow broke off and solidified, turning into small gems. The winner can take one of those gems for free. I believe you might have heard of them. They're official name is Skittelz."

Both Lilith and Cindy froze. Skittelz were legendary natural treasures that had no fixed price in the outside world, because they were never for sale! Not only did they taste amazing, but they also strengthened one's skin, improving the defensive capabilities of any who eats them by manyfold. As a result of skin being refined in such a way, it also naturally enhanced beauty and charm of whoever ate them. They also tasted great.

Gerard, who had the Regalia Bloom bloodline, which had undergone multiple evolutions, was the personification of walking, talking charm. The bloodline made everything about him extremely appealing, which had been a source of great pain for him as he gained too many admirers as a result, which impeded him from doing his job. So it was suffice to say, he did not really care about that part of the gems capability. But even he was tempted by that increase in defense - especially since it could even work on immortals.

Lilith and Cindy, too, did not care about the beauty at all. Their eyes were completely not gleaming at the thought of getting their hands on Skittelz, and a baleful aura did not immediately surround them. That was all in Lex's mind. None of it was real.

"I think they like the prize," he said to Gerard, who only smiled. There was a competitiveness in his eyes that said he was not about to just let them win.

Without any more banter, everyone quickly got in their respective carts. Lex tossed a rock in the air, and as soon as it touched the ground everyone slammed their foot on the accelerator. The game was on, and it was no longer a playful experience.

"Are there any rules?" Lilith yelled over from her cart.

Yeah, just don't kill anyone," Lex responded jokingly, but the very serious nod she gave made him think that she might not have gotten his joke.

The next moment, a massive meteor suddenly just appeared in the sky, and it was aiming for all of them!



